Town of Davie
Community Redevelopment Agency

Redevelopment Plan

: 2020

A comprehensive update to the Town of Davie CRA’s
Redevelopment Plan.

@eeee
@eeee
e@eeee
a a ed
e@eeee
e@eeee
e@eee
Town of Davie
Community Redevelopment Agency
Redevelopment Plan

Prepared by the Davie CRA
Updates: November, 1997
June, 2012
September, 2012
April, 2025

CRA Board

(7

Judy Paul Marlon Luis Michelle Whitman Susan Starkey
Chair Vice-Chair Board Member Board Member Board Member

CRA Staff

Richard J. Lemack
Executive Director

Phillip R. Holste
Director

/\

Cheryl L. Ellett Debbie A. Thomas
Program Manager Econ. Dev. Manager

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Table of Contents

Sections

I. Executive Summary
Il. Introduction

Ill. Land Use & Zoning
IV. Residential Area
V. Regional Activity Center (RAC)
VI. Infrastructure

VII. Transit-Oriented Corridor (TOC)
VIII. Neighborhood Impact of Development....

IX. Community Policing
X. Open Space, Public Facilities,

& Community Engagement 60
XI. Historic Preservation ---- 66
XII. Funding & Safeguards - 12
XIII. Goals & Objectives 81
XIV. Closing Summary 87
Appendix

Appendix 1 “Interlocal Agreement” 88

Page 3

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

|. Executive
Summary

The Town of Davie Community Redevelopment Agency’s (CRA) Redevelopment Plan is both a statutory
requirement of the special district and a living guide to navigate revitalization efforts within the redevelopment
area. This 2025 revision identifies future initiatives for the redevelopment area until its sunset in 2039.

Originally scheduled to sunset in 2027, the CRA, Town, and Broward County entered into an interlocal
agreement on March 5, 2025, via CRA Resolution R2025-012, Town Resolution R-2025-001 and County
Resolution 25-033 to extend the CRA until September 30, 2039. Beginning with Fiscal Year 2028, the CRA will
receive tax increment financing from only the Town of Davie. This agreement also stipulates that on or before
December 1, 2027, Broward County will provide the Town of Davie supplemental funding of $2,320,000
annually for eight years for Town-wide affordable housing initiatives that can be used, but not reserved, for
CRA affordable housing initiatives. This extension not only allows the CRA to continue revitalization efforts
within the redevelopment area but also prioritizes affordable housing as it remains a key issue locally. Once
achieved, these accomplishments will continue to benefit the citizens of the Town of Davie. Infrastructure
improvements and properties acquired and owned by the CRA throughout its existence will be transitioned to
the Town.

Other notable changes in this update include the reorganization of the plan, rebranding initiatives for land use
designations, implementation of redevelopment efforts and redevelopment tools, and financial projections.

Over the past decade, substantial redevelopment efforts have spurred new developments, increases in the tax
base, additional affordable housing options, visible enhancements along major corridors, increased safety, and
an overall better quality of life in the CRA. The CRA continues to strategically tackle the issues outlined in the
Finding of Necessities and completely satisfy the mission of the CRA. Once achieved, these accomplishments
will continue to benefit the citizens of the Town of Davie. Infrastructure improvements and properties acquired
and owned by the CRA throughout its existence will be transitioned to the Town.

KEY POINTS

x i
Page 4

CRA Extension Priorities Goals &
Objectives

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

ll. Introduction

The Davie Community Redevelopment Agency's (CRA) Redevelopment Plan serves as a guide to navigate the
growth and development of properties within the Town of Davie’s CRA. It was created to satisfy the statutory
requirements of the Florida Statutes Chapter 163.360 as it identifies the vision and goals while reflecting on
the existing conditions and opportunities for redevelopment and improvements. The Plan outlines the
framework for development through land use and zoning, identification of specific subareas, housing, economic
development strategies and compliance with the Town of Davie’s Comprehensive Plan.

Location

The Town of Davie is approximately 35.59 square miles in size. The Town is centrally located within Broward
County. It is approximately 5 miles from the coast and is roughly the halfway point between Miami and Boca
Raton. Davie touches one third (10) of Broward County municipalities or reservations including the Cities of
Sunrise and Plantation to the north, Town of Southwest Ranches and City of Weston to the west, Cities of
Pembroke Pines, Cooper City, and Hollywood to the south, and Cities of Dania Beach and Fort Lauderdale and the
Seminole Reservation to the east. The Town is accessible from major highways including the Florida Turnpike,
Interstate 595 (I-595), and State Road 84 (SR 84).

Figure 1: Town of Davie Map

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

History

The Town of Davie’s rich history dates back to the early 1900’s. Originally settled as “Zona” in 1909, the Town
of Davie was formally incorporated in 1925. Known for its distinctive western architecture, the Town offered
larger lot sizes, equestrian trails, open space and scenic farmlands.

As the Town began to boom in population, the uses became increasingly diverse and several anchor
establishments became foundational to the Town, such as the educational institutions. Over time, areas within
the Town aged and crime rates began to increase negatively effecting property values in these regions. To
combat crime, decreased property values and economic depression in such areas, the Town initiated the
development of the CRA through the acceptance of a Finding of Necessity study as required by the State
Statute. Findings from this document substantiated the existence of “slum and blight” by identifying the
following:

e Deteriorating neighborhoods

e Dwindling commercial activities and job opportunities
e Concentration and persistence of criminal activities

e Inappropriate or obsolete land uses

e Inadequate transportation routes and means

e Increased use of public services

e Depreciation of property values

Upon accepting these findings, the Davie CRA was established in 1988 by the Florida Legislature. The Town of
Davie approved Ordinance No. 88-23 on May 4, 1988 which created the Community Redevelopment Agency
pursuant to the Community Redevelopment Act of 1969, Florida Statutes, Chapter 163, Part Ill. The CRA is also
considered a special district under Florida Statue Chapter 189.

The original boundaries of the CRA consisted of 347 acres. The charter was amended through Resolution No. R-
94-2 adopted on November 14, 1994 to add 737 acres between Davie Road and State Road 7 (“SR-7”) for a
total of 1,084 acres known as Expanded Redevelopment Area 1. On December 17, 1997, the charter was
amended by Resolution R-97-434 to add 20 acres south of the Interstate “I” 595 and SR-7 intersection. This
area is known as “Expanded Redevelopment Area 2” and results in the CRA boundaries consisting of 1,104
acres (refer to Figure 2 for map of CRA boundaries).

Page 6

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Figure 2: CRA Boundary Map

#

L Expanded

S Area 2
=, g
By ¢
& g eg
5 > 20 Acres =
s Ss : €
Co Adopted in 1997} 5
FY 8
Western FS} Zz
Theme 2
District

737 Acres
Adopted in 1994

Expanded

Griffin Road

Original
Area

34] Acres
Adopted in 1988

The CRA Board was originally a civilian appointed group charged with crafting the redevelopment plan. The

adoption of Ordinance 0-2012-11 enabled the Town Council to begin serving as the Board of Commissioners for
the Davie CRA.

In March 2025, Broward County, the Town of Davie and CRA agreed to an interlocal agreement that provided
for the extension of the CRA through and including September 30, 2039 (“CRA Extension Period”), solely on a
non-TIF basis for all taxing authorities other than the Town: and (2) certain supplemental funding by the County

to support affordable housing programs in the Town. The Town and CRA expressly agreed to terminate the CRA
as on or before September 30, 2039.

Through this interlocal agreement, the County expressly authorized the Town and the CRA to extend the CRA on

a non-TIF basis only (except for the Town which may, if it wishes, extend the Town’s TIF obligations to the CRA)

for the CRA Extension Period in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Page
age

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

As part of the interlocal agreement, the County shall make annual payments to the Town on or before December
1, 2027, and on or before December 1 in each of the following seven (7) years, the Town shall invoice the County
for an affordable housing contribution (“County Contribution”) in the amount of Two Million Three Hundred
Twenty Thousand Dollars ($2,320,000). The County shall pay the invoiced amount of the annual County
Contribution to the Town on or before the later of (a) December 31 of the year in which the invoice was received,
or (b) ten (10) business days after the annual report required by Section 2.6 is provided by the Town. All County
Contributions are subject to the restrictions on use and accounting stated in Section 2.5. In no event shall the
total of all County Contributions exceed Eighteen Million Five Hundred Sixty Thousand Dollars ($18,560,000).

Per the interlocal agreement, Affordable Housing Programs are programs that constitute one or more of the
following types of expenditures:

1. Rehabilitating a residential property for Qualified Recipient(s), subject to restrictive covenants requiring that
the affordability of the residential units be maintained for a period of at least ten (10) years for owner-occupied
housing.

2. First-time homebuyer assistance programs for Qualified Recipients, subject to restrictive covenants requiring
that the affordability of the residential units be maintained for a period of at least fifteen (15) years.

3. Actual expenses for planning, designing, or implementing horizontal infrastructure (i.e., drainage, wastewater,
water supply, solid waste, lighting, paving, bridges, roadways, canals, or transportation) in conjunction with
affordable housing projects for Qualified Recipients, as designated by both the Town Administrator and the
County Administrator (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld), provided that total expenditures for
this category shall not exceed fifteen percent (15%) of all County Contributions.

4. Gap financing for new construction or acquisition/rehabilitation of affordable multi-family rental or
purchasable units for Qualified Recipients subject to restrictive covenants requiring that the affordability of the

residential units be maintained for a period of at least thirty (30) years.

5. Other affordable housing programs for Qualified Recipients approved in writing by the County Administrator,
which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.

Page 8
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan
The Town of Davie committed to continue making a minimum payment in the amount of Two Million Three
Hundred Twenty Thousand Dollars ($2,320,000) to the CRA during the term of the County’s Contribution. For
any year during the County Contribution term that the Town does not make said payment, the County will not be
obligated to make its contribution.

This interlocal agreement can be found as Appendix 1 to this plan.

How CRA’s Work

Florida Statute Chapter 163, Part III allows CRAs to operate using Tax Increment Financing (TIF) to alleviate the
appearance of deterioration and blight in a specific area.

The CGRA’s Redevelopment Trust fund is created by using a portion of the ad valorem taxes collected by
properties within the redevelopment area. Once a CRA (or CRA subarea) is established, the tax from the first
year becomes the base year and any tax dollars above that base year becomes the increment (TIF) given to the
CRA towards the Redevelopment Trust Fund. The taxes are collected by the local taxing authorities and then
95% of the TIF is given to the CRA. As improvements are made in the redevelopment area and property values
rise, the TIF increases providing funding for the CRA’s to initiate redevelopment efforts and carry out plans set
forth in the Redevelopment Plan.

As previously stated, the CRA has three subareas, and each area has its own base year. The Original Area’s base
year is 1988, Expanded Area 1’s base year is 1994, and Expanded Area 2’s base year is 1997. Pursuant to Section
163.387 of the Florida Statutes, 95% of the difference between the taxes generated between the current tax
revenue and the revenues generated during these base years serves as the TIF revenue for the CRA.

The CRA has and will continue to receive TIF from six taxing authorities until FY 2027. The six taxing authorities
are Broward County, Central Water Control District, North Broward Hospital District, South Broward Hospital

District, Children’s Services Council of Broward County and the Town of Davie.

After FY 2027, the CRA will receive TIF from the Town of Davie only unless the CRA’s term concludes.

Page 9

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan
Administration and Governance

The Davie CRA shall have and may exercise all powers delegated to it pursuant to Chapter 12, Article XIll,
Division 3, Sections 12-395 of the Davie Code of Ordinances and, to the extent not inconsistent therewith, all
other powers granted pursuant to Chapter 163, Part Ill, Florida Statutes.

The CRA Board consists of 5 members. The Chair and the Members are the same individuals who serve on the
Town Council. The CRA Board meets the first Wednesday of each month at 6:00 PM.

Page 10

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Il. Land Use
& Zoning

Land Use

There are two land use designations within the CRA. The properties to the west of Florida’s Turnpike are within
the Regional Activity Center (RAC) and the properties to the east are within the Transit Oriented Corridor
(TOC) land use designation. Unlike most land use designations, the amount and the level of development are
comprehensively regulated through the restrictions set forth in the Comprehensive Plan for the entire land use
designation as opposed to each parcel. This allows parcels to have more flexibility to develop as the number of
units and square footage is allocated throughout each district and does not limit the amount of development
on a single parcel.

Figure 3: CRA Land Use Map

CRA Land Use Map

Regional Activity Center (RAC) A) f T 7
a GIS MAP DISCLAIMER o 0s 1 2km
Transit-Oriented Corridor (TOC) The information on this map is for graphical purposes only. It does not represent a legal survey

and has not been prepared or is it suitable for legal, engineering, or surveying purposes, While
every effort has been made to ensure that these data are accurate and reliable the Town of Davie
cannot assume liability for any damages caused by any errors or omissions in the data

Page 11
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan
Regional Activity Center

Adopted in 1998, the Regional Activity Center (RAC) land use category was designated to the CRA areas west
of Florida’s Turnpike and east of University Drive north of Orange Drive. This land use designation allows a
variety of uses (such as schools, retail, and residential communities) to be strategically and compatibly
developed alongside one another. Such flexibility would allow a property that has historically been used for one
use to be redeveloped into another use permitted in the RAC without requiring a change in land use. It also
encourages mixed-use developments and infill within smaller parcels.

The Town monitors the level of development being proposed to maintain the vision of the RAC as determined
by the Town’s Comprehensive Plan.

Transit Oriented Corridor

The Transit Oriented Corridor (TOC) land use category encourages mixed-use developments along major, high
performance corridors. This land use designation was adopted in 2005 to encourage intense development
around corridors that can sustain higher levels of development. Such corridors provide access to transit
stations or stops in conjunction with the Broward County Comprehensive Plan Transportation Element, the
Broward County Transit Master Plan and the Broward County Metropolitan Planning Organization’s (MPO) Long
Range Transportation Plan or locally adopted financially feasible transportation or transit plan. In the CRA, the
parcels between the Florida Turnpike and State Road 7 retain this designation.

While many of these properties currently have an industrial zoning designation, the Town recently adopted a
TOC zoning district to allow properties with a compatible land use to request a rezoning into the TOC District.

Rebranding Initiative

While the RAC and TOC offer the most flexibility in terms of development standards and allowable uses, they
remain traditional planning terms that many investors are not familiar with. In order to encourage private
sector investment into the RAC and TOC land use designations, the Town Council approved a marketing
initiative called “Davie 10” (associated with the geographic reality that Davie intersects with “10” of
Broward’s 31 municipalities) to rebrand the RAC to the “Research, Institution, Technology, and Education

Page 12

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan
(R.I.T.E.) Zone” and the TOC to the “Residential, Industrial, Social, and Export (R.1.S.E) Zone.” This initiative is
solely for marketing purposes and will not change the land use or zoning regulations. Since these are the two
prominent land use designations in the CRA, the CRA will work to encourage investment in these areas that fall
within the redevelopment area.

Zoning.

As the establishment of the CRA confirmed the existence of slum and blight conditions within the Town’s
eastern residential communities, the Town sought to ensure the Land Development Code promoted
redevelopment efforts in these areas. Therefore, the zoning districts overlaying the RAC and TOC land use
designations foster redevelopment through development standards which allow more intense uses. They
provide a framework for development that combines traditional neighborhood principles with an urban form-
based code to frame the corridors with architecture conducive to a live/work/play environment.

Figure 4: CRA Zoning Map

CRA Zoning Map

— Transit Oriented Streets f) 025 0s 4km
= Scenic Corridors

b 4 Open Space Design Overlay

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan
Regional Activity Center Districts: The term “Regional Activity Center (RAC)” is an urban planning designation
that encourages infill, supports high-intensity, high-density, and a mix of uses within one area. This differs from
traditional Euclidean zoning which separates uses and densities by zones.

While the Regional Activity Center (RAC) land use was adopted in 1998 with over 2,200 acres, the RAC zoning
districts were adopted in 2008. The Town established specific zoning districts to promote a mix of uses with
transit-oriented designs, themed architecture, and pedestrian-friendly streetscapes. In contrast to most of the
Town’s zoning code, the RAC incorporates a form-based code to ensure consistency in the build-to-lines and
overall appearance while allowing for flexibility. The RAC uses within the CRA redevelopment area are as
follows: RAC-TC, RAC-TOS, RAC-ND2, and RAC-ND4.

The Regional Activity Center - Town Center (RAC-TC) in conjunction with the previously approved Western
Theme District overlay adopted in 1990, was designed to focus on maintaining the western heritage in Town’s
downtown area and civic centers. The Regional Activity Center — Transit Oriented Street (RAC-TOS) overlay
emphasizes the vitality of the corridor by promoting glazed storefronts on bottom floors and residential uses on
top with multimodal access. Both the RAC-TC and the RAC-TOS encourage “eyes on the street” which references
the ability for to generate natural surveillance by frequent foot traffic. The overarching theme with these zoning
designations is to promote multi-modal transportation and continuous movement along the street through the
provision of mixed-used developments while having synergy with the civic buildings (Town Hall and Rodeo
Grounds).

The Regional Activity Center — Neighborhood District, Low Density (RAC-ND2) district was designed to maintain
the appearance of single-family residences. Single-family homes and low-density multi-family residences were
to be designed to simulate single-family neighborhoods. Meanwhile, the Regional Activity Center — Neighborhood
District, Medium Density (RAC-ND4) districts were designed to incorporate larger multi-family dwelling units to
provide a variety of housing types and price points.

Transit Oriented Corridor: Established in 2020, the Transit Oriented Corridor (TOC) zoning district accompanies
the TOC land use designation. Properties ascribed to a TOC land use designation have the option of requesting to
rezone to the TOC zoning district. As the properties with this land use designation are adjacent to major
corridors such as State Road 7 and Griffin Road, this district encourages infill development to form around the
existing transportation patterns. Building placement and designs prescribed by this district are similar to that of
the RAC while exceeding the high capacities of other districts. While the existing uses in most of the TOC land
use are industrial or commercial, the TOC zoning designation encourages a mix of uses as supported

Page 14
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan
through the square footage and number of residential units allocated to the land use.

Griffin Corridor: Griffin Corridor District (GCD), adopted in 2000, facilitates more dense, mixed-use
developments along Griffin Road. While the entire corridor is not within the CRA, the southern gateway to the
CRA is through the Davie Road and Griffin Road intersection which encompasses a combination of the Griffin
Corridor District — Downtown Zone (GCD-DZ) with the Western Theme District and the RAC land use designation.
Much like the RAC-TC/TOS, this District promotes mixed-use with commercial uses fronting the major corridor
on bottom floors. Housing options within this District provide a variety of options at different price points. Both
the RAC and GCD also regulate by a blend of traditional zoning and form-based code to create engaging and
active street edges with a distinctive streetscape.

Eastside Neighborhood Special Zoning District (ENSZD): A community platted in 1952 known as “Davie Little
Ranches” was of special focus of the CRA. This area just east of Potter Park lacked adequate roads, drainage,
and sidewalks. The crime rate was higher in this area than the average rate for the entire Town according to
official documents of that era. Many of the housing units were substandard and others were marginal on the
verge of becoming substandard, if not improved. The combination of such circumstances led to the shortage of
decent, safe, affordable, and sanitary housing conditions and constituted a menace to the public health, safety,
morals, and welfare. The CRA worked with the Town to acquire properties within this community to demolish
some of the substandard housing units and relocate displaced residents.

To ensure the Town’s Land Development Code promoted redevelopment, the Town created and adopted the
Eastside Neighborhood Special Zoning District (ENSZD). This District sought to enforce neotraditional
neighborhood development standards which incorporated crime prevention designs, street standards, a form-
based regulating plan, neighborhood design standards, and architectural regulations. This District provided
regulations to ensure civic buildings and single-family homes encouraged resident and community interaction
while providing affordable housing options.

Low Density Dwelling (R-3) District: This District primarily allows the use of single-family residences on a
minimum net lot size of 12,000 square feet. This District includes the residential properties within the

Lauderdale Little Ranches plat which was recorded in 1978 and continues to consist of single-family residences.

Residential/Office (RO) District: This District encourages a mixed-use arrangement of office uses on bottom
floors and residential units on the top floors.

Page 15
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan
Medium Dwelling (RM-10) District: This District allows for multi-family residential units up to 10 units an acre.
These Districts can be found along the southern portion of the CRA near areas of historical significance.

Medium High Dwelling (RM-16) District: This District allows for multi-family residential units up to 16 units an
acre. These Districts can be found along the southern portion of the CRA.

Community Facilities (CF) District: The CF District is intended to regulate uses that serve the community, such
as schools, places of worship, and fraternal organizations.

Industrial Districts: Many of the properties between the Florida Turnpike and State Road 7 have an industrial
zoning designation. Ranging from Light Industrial (M-1) District to Planned Industrial (M-3) District, these
districts are able to incorporate uses such as outdoor storage yards, repair shops, recycling facilities, and other
heavy industrial uses. Some of these properties carried over the zoning designations attributed to the site prior
to annexing into the Town. As a result, there are still properties with Broward County and Hacienda Village
industrial zoning designations. All properties applying for new development applications are required to have
current Town of Davie zoning designations. As a result, redevelopment efforts in these areas will likely require a
rezoning. Properties with a TOC land use designation will have the option of rezoning to the TOC zoning district,
resulting in greater flexibilities and promoting mixed use.

Business Districts: Ranging from Neighborhood Business (B-1) District to Planned Business (B-3) District, these
districts allow for a variety of business. The only business district within the CRA is the B-3 District which allows
more intense business uses and acts as a smooth transition between a major corridor, State Road 7, and the
adjacent industrial uses.

Page 16

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

IV. Residential SHI

The CRA consists of a broad selection of housing options for various income levels including single-family
homes, townhomes, multi-family residential, and senior living units. While the major corridors within the CRA
encourage mixed-use developments, nestled in the center of the CRA are some of the most historic and
affordable residential communities.

Many of the communities within the CRA date back to the 1970’s and have noticeably aged overtime. Dilapidated
conditions contributed to the rising crime and unsafe neighborhoods. In 1988, the Town conducted a Finding of
Necessity to create the original boundaries of the CRA which largely included the neighborhoods immediately
east and west of Davie Road. The Town then modified the boundaries in 1994 which brought in even more
residential neighborhoods to the CRA. Both Findings of Necessities identified the following elements that
characterized the need for rehabilitation and blighted appearances in the CRA’s residential areas:

1.Deteriorating Neighborhoods
a. Substantial marginalized housing
b. Reduced property values and infrequency of new housing provisions
2. Proliferation of Nuisances
a. Concentration and persistence of criminal activities
b. Extraordinary consumption of public services
c. Overgrown and unmaintained lots
3. Substandard Infrastructure
a. Insufficient street lighting
b. Deteriorating roads/inefficient access
c. Deficient drainage
d. Undersupplied parking
e. Lack of continuous sidewalks

Increasing Quality Housing Options

With the Griffin Corridor District and the RAC-TOS/TOC promoting mixed-use, many new developments along

7 1]
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Griffin Road and Davie Road provide residential uses with commercial uses or residential units that are design

to appear commercial on ground floors. Below is a chart that identifies the developments that have or will add
residential units to the CRA in the next 5 years (not inclusive of individually developed single-family homes):

Figure 6: Table of Pending Residential Units

Residential Units Under Construction or Planned in CRA as of March 2025

Name of Development

Type of Unit

Number of Units

Saddlebridge at Downtown Davie

Market Rate Apartments + Affordable

286 units (inclusive of 54
workforce and 3 low-income)

Affordable Housing

The District Market Rate Apartments 1,256 units
Pioneer Lofts Market Rate Apartments 105 units
Prestige Main Street 48 units

Soleste Reserve

Market Rate Apartments + Affordable

Housing

353 units (inclusive of 53
affordable units)

Zona Place

Market Rate Apartments

244 units

These redevelopment efforts resulted in an increase in the quantity and quality of safe and sustainable dwelling
units. Residents can benefit from having diverse range of housing options varying by type and targeted income
levels as the CRA consists of everything from subsidized housing to market rate luxury apartments.

These redevelopment efforts resulted in an increase in the quantity and quality of safe and sustainable dwelling
units. Residents greatly benefit from having diverse range of housing options varying by type and targeted
income levels as the CRA consists of everything from subsidized housing to market rate luxury apartments.

While the new developments within the CRA provide high quality and safe housing options, the chart below
demonstrates the need for affordable, low, and very low housing options.

Figure 7: Table of Census CRA Tract Data

Residential Population, Homeownership, and Median Household Income
by Census Tract in the CRA

Median

Subarea on Map Population Owner Occupied Renter Occupied Household
Income
CT 701.02 1,272 484 49 $73,977
CT 701.04 5,659 1,045 1,047 $53,113
CT 706.01 5,494 819 1,104 $57,917
CT 706.02 7,567 1,552 1,500 $87,229

Source: 2023 American Community Survey

Page 18

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Figure 8: CRA Boundary Over Census Tract Map

7e2.t1

As seen above, portions of the CRA fall below Broward County's median household income ($74,534 as of 2023).
While housing options for various income levels currently exist, having safe, decent, and affordable housing
remains a priority of the CRA.

Affordable Housing

The 1997 and 2012 CRA Redevelopment Plans emphasized the need for housing options that are decent, safe,
and sanitary for low or moderate-income residents in the redevelopment area. Though this area consisted of a
variety of dwelling unit types (such as single-family, duplex, multifamily, etc.), the Findings of Necessities
revealed these were high crime areas with marginalized housing. Since then, numerous initiatives and
developments have raised the quality of life for residents within these areas.

The CRA works closely with the Housing and Community Affairs Division to assist in providing affordable places
to live. The Housing and Community Affairs Division uses various grant opportunities, such as State Housing
Initiatives Partnership Program (SHIP) and the Community Development Block Grant Program to assist in
homebuying, eligible

Page 19
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

repairs and rehabilitation efforts, and the establishment of affordable housing units.
The CRA continues to seek prospects to expand our affordable housing options. Griffin Gardens is a senior public
housing community that consists of 100 units and recently broke ground on an additional 76 units called
Tequesta Reserve. Summerlake Apartments is a subsidized community consisting of 108 units. Furthermore,
there are two workforce development projects underway, Prestige Lofts which was approved for 105 units and
Prestige Main Street which proposes 45 units, in addition to the inclusion of workforce and low-income units
being provided by developers constructing larger projects in the downtown area.

As affordable housing has been a concern for the entire state, there are options at the state, county, and local
levels to incorporate affordable housing with assistance in offsetting costs. At the local level, the Town adopted
an Affordable Housing Incentive Program through Ordinance 2008-017 in 2008 which includes the following
definitions relating to affordable housing units:

“Affordable Housing Unit”: Housing built with funding from federal, state, local or private resources
and designated for affordable housing programs in accordance with the criteria set forth.

“Low Income”: Household income fifty-one (51) percent to eighty (80) percent of the median
income of Broward County, Florida adjusted for household size.

“Moderate Income”: Household income eighty-one (81) percent to one hundred twenty (120)
percent of the median income of Broward County, Florida and adjusted by household size. Moderate
income may also be defined as workforce income.

“Very Low”: Household income which is up to fifty (50) percent of the median income of Broward
County, Florida, and as adjusted for household size.

This program requires developers proposing 100 units or more to designate the amount set forth in the Town
Code for inclusionary housing (which restricts by covenant certain eligibility requirements) to pay in-lieu of into
the Affordable Housing Trust Fund. Currently, the minimum rate of inclusionary units within the TOC is 15%,
whereas Town-wide the minimum rate is 20%. As inflation and costs of living increase, the need for more
affordable housing options is becoming imperative.

At the county level, the approved interlocal agreement requires the County to provide $18,560,000 to the Town

for affordable housing projects that can also be used towards affordable housing within the CRA.
Page 20

[i \ £4x,;>;>>_____S

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan
Market-Rate Housing

The revitalization of the existing residential communities and the upgrade of aged infrastructure remains
important to the CRA. It is also imperative that a variety of market-rate housing options are provided to attract
mixed-income demographics and promote disposable income investment into the CRA.

Market-Rate Housing in the RAC

The redevelopment area within the RAC-TOS has been the primary focus of the CRA as it encompasses
Downtown Davie. While infrastructure improvements have been made to accommodate mixed-use and
residential developments along Davie Road, redevelopment within this area has to overcome hurdles relating to
height limitations, narrow lot widths, and land assemblages. In many cases, the CRA has assisted with land
assemblages by purchasing small neighboring lots over time in order to sell a larger assemblage of land at a
reduced rate for developers to redevelopment. As this has proven to be a successful strategy, the CRA will
continue to use land banking as a redevelopment tool. The new projects and initiatives are further discussed in
the “Downtown Davie” section of this plan.

Another important hurdle to overcome is the limited number of residential units available in the RAC. As
previously discussed, the RAC and TOC use a number of residential units attributed to the entire land use
designation, as opposed to individual parcels. In this case, the RAC is coming close to exhausting all of the
available RAC units. The Town is working to add new RAC units to the Comprehensive Plan to resolve this issue.

While most new development opportunities have been along the Davie Road corridor, the residential component
of the CRA is roughly between Davie Road and Florida’s Turnpike. With a wide array of housing options, many of
these homes are serviced by aged infrastructure. As further elaborated in the “infrastructure” section of this
plan, the CRA anticipates upgrading some of the water and sewer in the applicable residential areas.

Market-Rate Housing in the TOC

While most of the CRA’s residential units are currently within the RAC land use boundaries, the recent creation
of the Transit Oriented Corridor (TOC) zoning, along with the existing TOC land use, will allow for higher
residential densities to be constructed in the boundaries between Florida Turnpike and State Road 7.

Page 21
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Figure 9: Conceptual Master Plan for TOC Zoning District

Jit Visibility Locations:
Offices and Hotels

High Visibility Locations:
Offices and Hotels

eee Industrial Uses
Locations:
Offices and
Hotels
Dakes Road TOC-N DISTICT

TOC-M DISTRICT

Light Industrial

Gateways

Orange Drive

TOC-S DISTRICT
Gateway

Gateway
Retail/Office/Residential

Existing Industrial

— a Gateway

Retail/Office/Residential
Seminole Hard Rock , Ts Southern Border

Casino & Resort Hotel

Note: The TOC Conceptual Plan was derived from ‘The Davie/Hollywood/Seminole Nation Master Plan” that grew out of a public
= rd in 91 j ort in 2010

Currently, commercial and intense industrial uses occupy most of these properties, but future redevelopment
efforts will yield the necessary infrastructure to sustain additional mixed-use commercial/residential uses
depending on the specific sub-district as seen on the conceptual master plan. The TOC zoning district and land
use can grant developers the ability to construct up to 325 ft. in height (inclusive of bonus heights) along Griffin
Road and/or State Road 7. It also supports the implementation of housing, offices, retail, and other uses that
generate foot-traffic within this historically industrial area.

The CRA has already begun to see the transformation of this gateway into the Town by the El-Ad National
developer through The District project.

Page 22

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan
The District

Figure 10: “The District” by El-Ad National

“The District” by El-Ad National will add 1,256
new luxury apartment units and about 40,000
square feet of commercial into the Town and
CRA. Considering the magnitude of this project,
the CRA entered into a Developer’s Agreement,
CRA R-2022-015 to provide $5.6 million of
incentives. $2,600,000 are allocated towards the
purchase of the corner gas station, a brownsfield
needing rehabilitation, and $3,000,000 in the
form of credits towards development and
Source: El-Ad National development associated fees.
Furthermore, through resolution R-2022-142, the Town is providing an additional $1 million in incentives by
offering $500,000 after the Certificate of Occupancy for phase 2 and another $500,000 for the completion of

phase 3. The estimated taxable value for the project is $340.4 million which will make the project the largest
taxpayer in the Town.

Figure 11: “The District” Aerial Map

RH

sx

as

St ifs,
\}

HL WAYs rl
he

‘
SW, MeLNNN aCe

SE SWi47iHATER
®

whee
@) ve SW/46TH TER:
aT = SW,46T1i

ful

AVE!

SWi4 771, CNie

SA \\
SWi48THt

v

Ppt
a i
A eck

vagaew!

A= iw Fie

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan
Such redevelopment efforts not only increase the type and number of above standard residential units within the
CRA, but also substantially increase the tax base and the quality of life for residents. Additionally, the
revitalization of Griffin Road and State Road 7 will serve as an anchor to one of the Town’s prominent gateways.

Given the significance of The District, other projects are also developing along the Griffin Road corridor between
State Road 7 and the Florida’s Turnpike, such as Soleste Reserve. Soleste offers 353 units with 53 affordable
units. Eventually, the CRA expects more development to occur within the TOC that may require infrastructure
improvements relating to drainage, water, sewer, and roadway improvements.

Page 24

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

V. Regional
Activity Center

Davie Road is the gateway to the Town’s downtown area. Subject to the Regional Activity Center (RAC) Master
Plan adopted in 2008, the existing RAC land use and zoning designations, and the Western Theme District
overlay, parcels abutting this corridor have been primed for mixed use developments with new urbanist
elements. Downtown Davie runs along the Davie Road Corridor just south of Davie Road and Griffin Road and up
to SW 36" Street.

Figure 12: Map of Downtown Davie

i SW 36" Street

PES

Downtown Davie i

Orange Drive,

Historically, this corridor has been characterized by one-story, aged plazas with low-lying awnings and earth-
tone colors on both east and west sides of the street. Due to recent developments, this corridor is transforming
into an urban core consisting of mid-rise, mixed-use developments with a distinctive build-to-line along Davie
Road.

The RAC Master Plan sets the goal for Downtown Davie becoming a livable and walkable district with mid-rise
and mixed-use developments. Coupled with the Western Theme District Design Manual, developments along this
corridor are encouraged to provide ground floor commercial uses to keep the street level view engaging, and

7 20

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

sufficient pedestrian amenities to promote foot traffic and gathering spaces. It promotes a variety of housing
options and urges the district to have employment opportunities and entertainment options within a reasonable
walking distance. With this vision in mind, the CRA and the Town undertook significant infrastructure projects to
ensure new developments would have sustainable infrastructure to be redevelopment ready.

Infrastructure

Since the 2012 Redevelopment Plan, the CRA embarked on a journey to improve infrastructure in anticipation of
future development. The projects listed below were determined to be the most significant and while some were
complete, others were not and are pending:

Eastside & Westside Infrastructure - Between 2012 and 2019, the Eastside and Westside Infrastructure Projects
increased the drainage capacity, expanded water and sewer systems, and enhanced fire suppression capabilities
for properties along Davie Road. These infrastructure improvements enable new developments to occupy larger
footprints by reducing the functional need to designate large drainage/retention areas as they are now able to
connect to these new drainage systems.

This project contained 4 phases which proposed upgrading infrastructure for the residential areas between
Davie Road and Florida’s Turnpike with RAC zoning designations. As of 2025, phases 2-4 are pending but remain
priorities of the CRA.

Huck Liles — As part of the redevelopment efforts immediately surrounding Huck Liles, the CRA plans to bury
powerlines and construct interior roadways and improvements to enhance connectivity and redevelopment
readiness. This includes the construction of SW 65" Avenue which will serve as an interior alley with on-street
parking.

SW 67" Avenue — Prior to the project, this street served mostly as an interior access road for developments
immediately adjacent to the street and it did not extend towards Orange Drive. Once the project was completed,
it became accessible from Orange Drive and, being parallel to Davie Road, improving SW 67" Avenue meant
alleviating traffic from Davie Road and increased network connectivity within the downtown.

Parking Garage(s) — Given the small widths of many of the parcels adjacent to Davie Road, surface parking has
become problematic as many uses that generate activity (such as restaurants) require higher parking ratios
Page 26

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

than general office uses. Furthermore, as the 2020 pandemic urged more work-from-home scenarios, mixed-use
developments don’t have the flexibility to apply shared parking strategies as they previously did as more people
are home during daytime hours than they were during pre-pandemic times. As a result of these two factors, the
CRA is prioritizing the need for structured parking. Parking garages not only provide ample amounts of parking
in one area, but they also include the potential to generate revenue if a parking fee is instituted.

SW 61° Avenue Bridge — The SW 61° Avenue bridge has a considerable amount of traffic as it is parallel to
Davie Road and a primary point of ingress and egress into the residential areas within the CRA. The CRA is
completing a design to widen the bridge and align the roadway to make it less congested and easier for
navigation.

Parks and Open Space — Open space along Davie Road provides visibility to activities within the Rodeo Grounds.
By having a few parcels used for open space, not only are patrons traveling along Davie Road enabled to view
activities and events occurring on the Rodeo Grounds, but pedestrians are also able to stop and enjoy the
passive recreation an open space area can offer.

While these projects are discussed briefly here, they are elaborated on in the “Infrastructure” element portion of
this Redevelopment Plan.

New Developments

Using a variety of incentive options such as land donations, impact fee reimbursements, tax incentives, reduced
costs land assemblies, and grants, the CRA partners with developers in bringing projects along Davie Road that
increase the number of residential units, commercial space, and employment opportunities within the downtown.
Since 2017, the corridor has had over $250 million dollars of investment as seen in the table below.

Through private/public partnerships, the CRA continues to work on promoting infill developments and improving
the overall streetscape along the Davie Road corridor. The developments listed in the table below are either
pending construction or are completed projects. These developments provide, or propose, massing articulations
that accentuate the improved streetscape of Davie Road and exhibit significant investment dollars that will
inspire additional redevelopment efforts.

Below is a table that identifies the developments along the Davie Road Corridor since 2017:
Page 27
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan
Below is a table that identifies the developments along the Davie Road Corridor since 2017:
Figure 13: List of New Developments Since 2017 Along the Davie Road Corridor

Project Name Level of Development Build-Out Cost Status
Main Street Lofts SP Lilie & 200 SF ot $7 Million Completed - 2020
Commercial
Prestige Main Street 45 Units $13 Million Pending
Sacdiebriige at 286 Residential Units $80 Million Pending
Downtown Davie
New Town Hall | 92:000 SF "aera $56 Million Pending
264 Student Housing, 6
University Pointe Live/Work, and 53,396 SF $50 Million Completed - 2019
Commercial
Zona Place 244 Units $50 Million Pending
Zona Village 2G MNS & ee SP Or $45 Million | Completed - 2021
Commercial

This next figure is a map of the completed and ongoing developments along Davie Road:
Figure 14: Map of Completed and Ongoing Developments Along Davie Road as of March 2025

.
.
a KEY
ONGOING DEVELOPMENT
COMPLETED PROJECTS

Page 28

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Completed Projects

University Pointe

Figure 15: Picture of University Pointe Development

The cornerstone of the southern entrance
to the Downtown Davie corridor is a
development that encompasses 13.7
acres. Fronting both Davie Road and
Griffin Road, this 4-5 story, mixed-use
development provides 264 student
housing units above the 35,396 square
feet of ground floor commercial uses.
While the developer, Nob Hill Partners, secured the property privately, the CRA executed a developer’s
agreement, CRA R 2017-014, to provide a $1 million dollar tax credit, plus two $100,000 CPIPG incentives for
separate buildings to see this vision come to life along this major intersection. This $50+ million-dollar project
serves as an anchor to the corridor with its distinguishable height and density, along with its distinctive
architecture. While the 7th and last building received its certificate of occupancy in 2022, the 6 other buildings
were finalized in 2019.

Figure 16: University Pointe Aerial Map

\WAY,

*SW.65T1H

GRIFFIN; RDS ye

"7 —- ee a > . — iy a
tee |

Sl SW! 6 THES Te

a

= a=a AV.

ig *
=DAVIE:RD na i
Fie SW EIR
a a * ‘ » ; 5

WW. FATTH-ST4
x a prs) -
”.
oy I al =
a ee Be |=
feeeje> (1b
Sao

Page 29

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Zona Village Figure 17: Picture of Zona Village Development

Serving as a prominent marker near the
end of the CRA northern boundary along
Davie Road is the mixed-use project, Zona
Village. Since its completion in 2021 with
209 residential units above 24,200
square feet of ground commercial uses,
this $45+ million-dollar project enhances
the sense of place along the SW 39"
Street and Davie Road intersection.

CRA executed a Developer’s Agreement, CRA R-2020-008 with the developer, Ceiba Group, to provided
$1,000,000 worth of tax credit incentives for this project.

Figure 18: Zona Village Aerial Map

Ed | ula Sel pendal |

4 . Fe 5S a
SSW41ST-ST-

Page 30

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Ongoing and Future Redevelopment Opportunities

4431 SW 64" Ave “Peninsular Building”

Through CRA R-2025-004, the CRA Board approved the purchase and sale of the property consisting of two
parcels located at 4431 SW 64" Avenue (known as the “Peninsular Building”) for $5.5 million ($5.3 million for
land and $200,000 for building content and fixtures). The property is about 1.32 acres and is in between two
CRA-owned properties, one to the north and the other to the south. The property was purchased with the intent
of being used for open space or redevelopment opportunities and the building will ultimately be demolished

Figure 19: Peninsular Building Aerial Map

Page 31
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Saddlebridge at Downtown Davie

Since 2017, the CRA has purchased properties along Davie Road with plans to offer a reduced land costs
incentive for a development spanning the block immediately adjacent to the rodeo grounds. White Oak
Development has purchased this property and is now constructing the Saddlebridge at Downtown Davie project
which includes 286 residential units. This project has a substantial affordable housing component as three (3)

units have been set aside as low-income units and fifty-four (54) units have been set aside as moderate income
units.

Figure 20: Saddlebridge at Downtown Davie Aerial Map

|
"Bl
=]

(a)
ce
ul
>
<

\, =

TH WAY cscs

,65)

an +) j
. :
atta
acess! hel i
A
‘ ‘
ee
q i
are
7 ‘
ce ae
iM] r 4]
ih
; , ‘

is

Page 32

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Northwest Corner of Davie Road and Orange Drive

Through a series of land assemblies beginning in 2006, the CRA has acquired 3.5 acres of land at the southern

node of Downtown Davie Road. The CRA will be focusing on redeveloping the site with mixed uses that include
restaurants, entertainment, retail opportunities, and a public parking garage.

Figure 21: Corner of Davie Road and Orange Drive Aerial Map

SIS WICGTHAVEB a i -

NOH sh

33

ety”
SWI66TH TER’

Page 33
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Main Street Place

In 2024, the CRA entered into a developer's
agreement with Prestige Development for
Main Street Place (renamed to “Prestige Main
Street”) through CRA R-2024-014 to grant an
incentive of $100,000 for the Commercial
Property Improvement Grant and payment of
impact fees upon completion of the project.

Figure 22: Rendering

of Prestige Main Street

Figure 24: Table of Land Acquisitions for Prestige Main Street Project

Folio Number Prior Owner/Use Buyer Purchase Cost Reso # Resale Amount Incentive
5041-27-04-0340 Charles Shaw CRA $85,000 R-99-226
5041-27-04-0350 Hans Volkmeler CRA $29,000 R-99-292
5041-27-04-0340 &
§041-27-04-0350 CRA Davie Ventures, LLC CRA R-2016-011 $240,000 CPIPG of $100,000
a a a

Page 34
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan
Zona Place

Figure 25: Rendering of Zona Place Development
The Town’s old water plant site was sold

to CG Davie North, LLC for $500,000 in
2023 for the Zona Place redevelopment
project. Furthermore, the Town entered
into a Developer’s Agreement, R-2022-
011 to incentivize the project with
$1,500,000 to be used towards
development fees. The project will
construct 250 units and 4,477 square
feet of commercial space on the ground
floor

Source: Ceiba Group

Figure 26: Zona Place Aerial Map

—=SW:60HETER=

——

Page 35
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan
Parking.

As the RAC Master Plan promotes a distinctive build-to-line immediately adjacent to the right-of-way, parking
spaces are being required to be built towards the rear of newer developments. Although the RAC code allows
shared parking reductions for mixed-use projects where each use has varying peak demand times, recent trends
promoting telecommuting put a strain on shared parking arrangements. While more dense downtown areas
typically encourage multimodal transportation options that alleviate the need for more structured or surface
parking, vehicular transportation remains the primary form of transportation throughout the corridor. As more
residential developments occur along the corridor, it is anticipated that residents from these developments will
walk along the corridor or use other forms of transportation such as scooters, shuttles, or other means.
Meanwhile, the existing commercial shopping centers along the corridor function independently from one
another and there do not appear to be any shared parking agreements between parcels.

As more parking spaces become available through new developments, the CRA can consider encouraging the
Town to adopt a unified parking plan within the RAC-TOS area or implement creative parking solutions through
incentives that promote construction of additional parking spaces. In the meantime, the top priority of the CRA
is the construction of structured parking. Parking garages provide relief for property owners developing on
narrow lots and can benefit the entire corridor as opposed to surface parking which typically only benefits the
individual parcel. It can also be used as a revenue source if the CRA were to opt to charge parking spaces or
lease spaces to property owners looking for relief from the parking code.
Figure 27: Example of Parking Structure

with a Living Green Wall

Though structured parking has a higher cost for construction, it offers
a well-lit and sometimes more secured parking option that will
alleviate spillover parking and congestion. While parking garages may
traditionally be bulky and unsightly, many municipalities have used
these structures to promote public art and greenspace.

Multimodal Transportation

Providing continuous pedestrian access and resources for multi-modal transportation will be key to improving
traffic conditions along Davie Road. Currently, Town code requires developers install newer sidewalks that are
harmonious with other developments through site plan approval process. Crosswalks and sidewalks that connect

to covered walkways will encourage nonvehicular movement throughout the corridor as they promote pedestrian
Page 36

[i \ £4x,;—>_______S
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

safety and access. The Town’s Davie Community Bus green
route services parts of Davie Road and leads into other parts of Figures 28 and 29: Example of Scooter Rental
the Town. However, a scooter rental and/or bicycle rental 2" Bicycle Rental to Promote Multimodal Transit
program may provide a practical and affordable option as well.
With hub stations along Davie Road to drop-off and pick-up
scooters/bicycles, commuters can obtain an easy to maneuver
vehicle at a low price and bring it to any nearby hub. There
should also be consideration for a Downtown Davie trolley for
patrons from the universities, University Pointe, and significant
developments within the CRA to encourage visitors who may
want to experience downtown without needing a vehicle to
travel.

Public Art and Temporary Uses

The GRA and the Town have created a Public Art Master Plan to
promote public art that is both functional and aesthetically
pleasing. Various forms of art including murals, sculptures,
mosaics, and other symbolic and meaningful displays of culture
are encouraged by the CRA and are required for all CPIPG
recipients.

As the Davie Road corridor undergoes redevelopment, there will be times in between development initiatives
where properties are vacant or under-utilized. Rather than merely waiting for development to occur on these
sites, the CRA promotes the use of public art and temporary events through Town partnerships. Temporary
public art can range from the amount of time such art remains on the site to the type of art displayed. Such uses
can motivate foot-traffic along the corridor, provide opportunities for community engagement, and enhance the
aesthetics of the corridor.

Page 37
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

VI. Infrastructure

Understanding the critical role infrastructure plays in redevelopment, the CRA continues to observe the
conditions of existing infrastructure and if necessary, plan for improvements. In the 2010's, the CRA spent over
$20 million making significant improvements to area drainage and water and sewer infrastructure.

The CRA remains ambitious in its redevelopment goals and has identified the following infrastructure projects
for funding consideration as we move forward:

Underground Infrastructure
Eastside Infrastructure Project

One of the biggest hurdles for downtown redevelopment was the ability to satisfy stormwater and drainage
requirements. Lot sizes along Davie Road are rather narrow in width and are required to allocate at least
15%-30% of each site for drainage to meet Central Broward Water Control District requirements. This factor
would not only prohibit the parcels along Davie Road from being redeveloped, but they would also put a
restraint on the ability to redevelop to the highest and greatest possible use because the drainage capacities
could not withstand significant vertical development. Additionally, many of the adjacent residential
neighborhoods had older underground infrastructure and were still using septic tanks.

The CRA previously completed the first two phases of this project which included the conversion of 295
residences and 14 commercial businesses from septic to sewer. Furthermore, the CRA added new drainage,
upsized water lines, added fire hydrants, repaved roads, and abandoned resident septic tanks.

Upon the initiation of the Eastside Infrastructure Project, it was imagined that the project would be all
encompassing and include multiple phases. While only two phases were completed, other phases were designed
and permitted, but require updates, and others were conceptual but were never designed. Referring to Figure 30
below, the areas that need to be refreshed and re-permit are depicted in the green and blue. The areas for fully
design and permitting are depicted in the yellow. The current preliminary cost estimate to complete permitting
and design of all remaining phases is $2.5 million. The total remaining project cost estimate is $45-S60 million.
This cost includes drainage, septic to sewer conversion, upsized water lines, new fire hydrants, and repaved
roads.

7 38
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Figure 30: Map of Remaining Phases of Eastside Infrastructure Project

CBWCD N-5 CANAL

(CBWCD.N-4 CANAL

FLORIDA'S TURNPIKE

‘DAVIE ROAD.(S.W. 64th AVENUE)

EASTSIDE PHASE II
INFRASTRUCTURE IMPROVEMENTS.

DAVIE COMMUNITY REDEVELOPMENT AGENCY

OVERALL SANITARY SEWER PLAN

Huck Liles and Town Hall Undergrounding/SW 65" Ave

As redevelopment efforts occur around the Rodeo Grounds/Huck Liles area and the Town constructs a new Town
Hall, the CRA has been working to underground the overhead powerlines in this area. Though the Huck Liles land
remains under a restrictive covenant, infrastructure improvements are permitted. The undergrounding of these
utility lines will enhance the aesthetics and allow newer developments to maintain connections underground.

A private developer, White Oak Developers, has agreed to construct SW 65" Avenue as an internal road spanning
from SW 43" Street to SW 42™ Street as part of their Saddlebridge site plan. This new road will provide internal
access without the need to circulate back onto Davie Road thereby further alleviating traffic off of the Davie
Road corridor. The CRA also intends to incorporate public on-street parking along SW 65" Ave to increase the
public parking options available to patrons of this corridor.

Page 39

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan cece cce

TOC Drainage Improvements

In March 2014, the Town completed a master stormwater plan for the transit-oriented corridor. As the TOC
offers the most density and highest height restrictions, the CRA anticipates this area will see many more
opportunities for development. Since this area has historically been used for industrial uses and many properties
Were annexed into the Town at different times, the parcels were individually developed, and communal
infrastructure improvements will be required at some point. Therefore, the CRA anticipates implementing
drainage improvements in the TOC as deemed necessary by future development opportunities,

Figure 31: Transit-Oriented Corridor Master Drainage Plan

' F
‘* o pel f° es
{ tea Pn LD ab “4
a s | : aes
Hoe All 3 ie
a 28 :
Z ah
Se ae — ——— ze

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Parks and Open Space Infrastructure

Rodeo Improvements ia

As part of preserving the western-themed rodeo culture of the downtown, the CRA continues to contribute funds
towards improvements for the arena and rodeo grounds. In 2016, the CRA funded the installation of new fans,
bathrooms upgrades, additional air-conditioned bathrooms, and the addition of new bleachers that added 1,500
seats to the rodeo arena.

As the Town’s Parks & Recreation Department pursues the creation of a master plan for the Rodeo Grounds and
Arena, the CRA will continue to support physical improvements or expansions of the area as funding becomes
available.

The primary goals of this master plan include:
«Preserving the heritage of Cowboy Town, USA, Davie, Florida through creative planning;
*Creation of Flexible use of space to attract new programs and events and expand existing events;

e Additional parking for equestrian trailers and event patrons including a parking deck in the northeast
corner of the rodeo grounds that would be 15 feet in height on the first floor to provide trailer/rodeo
participant parking and frees up the use of Huck Liles for patron parking.

e Improved circulation and ingress/egress for large special events (rodeo, monster truck shows, concerts,
etc);

e Facility and infrastructure upgrades to meet current needs and demands; and

e Adding and programming additional green space for our residents through the recently CRA acquired
Prestige Maintenance and Revest Capital Group properties on Davie Road.

Upon its completion, the Town and CRA will identify funding opportunities to complete the recommended
improvements.

Potter’s Park/Police Athletic League (PAL) Gym Improvements

The Potter’s Park/Police Athletic League (PAL) Gym serves as the main active recreation facility in the CRA and
home of the Davie Police Athletic League. The Mission of the Police Athletic League of Davie Inc. (Davie PAL) is
to enhance the relationship between the Town of Davie Police Department, and the youth of the community;
through positive interactions and mentoring. The focus is to prevent juvenile delinquency through the use of

Page 41
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

academics, athletics, and artistic activities. The park host many activities such as basketball, boxing, football,
kickboxing, volleyball and spring/summer camps.

The Town and CRA will be looking to design and complete improvements to this facility including an artificial
turf field and additional parking.

Old Davie School Historical Museum Improvements

The Old Davie School invites visitors to experience South Florida’s agricultural past, and its economically diverse
region. With artifacts, photographs, articles and maps, a visit to the museum takes visitors back in time to
experience the vibrant history that shaped this community.

The Old Davie School campus has grown with the purchase of the Tindall property (1/3 acre on the eastern
campus boundary and the land swap agreement to purchase the Our Lady of Victory Church site (one of the
oldest buildings in Davie). As a result, the Town will be completing a master plan of these sites that will
determine the optimal layout for continuing its mission of educating the community about our agricultural roots
and history.

The primary goals of this master plan include:
e Preservation of the historic landmarks on site and on adjacent sites.
Flexible use of space to attract new programs and events and expand existing events.
Improvements to:
© Pedestrian access and flow, including wayfinding signage.
© Circulation and ingress/egress for programming, field trips and events.
© Connectivity between the school/museum, historical homes, pole barn and site amenities.
© Site security.
Additional interior programmable space and storage.
Coordinate with ODS Foundation and Board throughout the process.

Upon its completion, the Town and CRA will identify funding opportunities to complete the recommended
improvements. The Town will ensure that all historical building renovations comply with Federal, State and Local
historical preservation standards and heritage markers are incorporated where deemed appropriate.

Page 42
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Roadway Infrastructure

SW 67" Avenue

The SW 67th Avenue Roadway Improvement Project extended the roadway from Orange Drive northward to SW
42nd Street. Other enhancements included the installation of landscaping, storm-water utilities, roadside dry
retention/swale areas, a concrete sidewalk on the east side of the new roadway, shadowbox fences, and a

guardrail.
Figure 32: Street View of SW 67" Avenue Before Expansion

Page 43

ae SSS _.
x
‘N
NC
‘
EN

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

The CRA is now considering additional roadway improvements based on a proposal to redevelop the Orange
Blossom Mobile Home Park. Improvements would include widening Orange Drive to accommodate additional
turn lanes and safety improvements as appropriate.

Orange Drive

The proposed Orange Drive project will upgrade Orange Drive from two lanes to a three-lane roadway with
intermittent landscape medians. The project will upgrade Orange Drive from Florida’s Turnpike to State Road 7
to a five-lane major connector to provide additional capacity on the roadway to serve adjacent industrial and
commercial properties. The improvements will include road widening, reconstruction, milling and resurfacing,
drainage improvements, ADA sidewalks and paths, curb and gutter, designated and shared bike lanes, LED street
lighting, signage and pavement markings. This project is estimated to cost $5,959,591 and will be paid for using
Broward County surtax funds.

In addition, the CRA is considering Orange Drive roadway improvements between SW 65 Avenue and the
Wachstetter Bridge based on a proposal to redevelop the Orange Blossom Mobile Home Park. Improvements
would include widening to accommodate additional turn lanes and safety improvements as appropriate.

Parking and Signage
Parking Facilities

The Town and CRA plan on utilizing the western 1 acre of vacant land at the northwest corner of Davie Road and
Orange Drive for a parking garage. The Rodeo Grounds, Town Hall, and Davie Woman’s Club require additional
parking. Furthermore, the parking garage could be utilized for the proposed mixed use redevelopment including
restaurants, retail and entertainment uses. The Town and CRA could partner with a developer on a public private
partnership project (P3) or construct the garage and lease spaces to the redevelopment project. The garage is
anticipated to be 4 stories with 400 parking spaces.

In December 2024, the CRA purchased 2/3 of an acre of vacant property at the southeast corner of SW 63
Avenue and SW 43 Street. This property is directly east of Davie Road. The CRA will be designing and
constructing a parking lot at this location that will serve as additional parking for the east side of Davie Road.
The Town and CRA desire restaurant and retail uses and this additional parking will enable these businesses to
thrive with sufficient on-site and off-site parking.

Page 44

Iw  _—_
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan
Wayfinding Signs

The improvement of the wayfinding signs throughout the redevelopment area has always been of interest to the
CRA. Ensuring that the signs are aesthetically pleasing and consistent with the surrounding areas is key to
creating a cohesive sense of place. While the CRA has plans to improve the wayfinding signs within the
downtown area, other parts within the redevelopment area, such as the industrial area, would benefit from
having signage that is compatible with the architectural themes established by the zoning code. Improving and
maintaining wayfinding signs will be an on-going project that the CRA will consider as funding becomes
available.

Page 45
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Vil. Transit-Oriented
Corridor (TOC)

Between Florida’s Turnpike and State Road 7 is an area with a prominent concentration of industrial uses.
Consisting of 903 acres, many of these properties were absorbed into the Town from Hacienda Village or were
annexed from Broward County and retained the zoning districts from those jurisdictions. The Hacienda Village
and Broward County zoning districts are less restrictive than the Town Code and allow for some of the most
intense industrial uses in the County. As a result, these areas have a long history of being used for light to heavy
industrial uses including flex warehouses, laboratories, manufacturing, and outdoor storage of vehicles and
equipment.

Most of the buildings in this area are one or two-story warehouses with individual units. Several properties
consist of undeveloped lots or lots with large amounts of open space used for outdoor storage with minimal
required screening. The mix of zoning districts has resulted in an inharmonious appearance. For such reason,
signage, color palettes, landscaping, setbacks, and architecture vary from lot to lot. There does not appear to be
a unified vision amongst the sites as they were individually developed using each site’s applicable zoning district
code requirements. Many properties also lack a clear delineation of their property as there are no landscape
buffers to distinguish the property boundaries. There are also inconsistencies in the right-of-way widths as some
properties have been prompted by development to dedicate more right-of-way than others.

Figure 35: Street View of an Industrial Property
Figure 34: Street View of SW 47" Ave from State Road 7

~

Source: Google Earth Source: Google Earth

7 46

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan
Due to the nature of industrial districts, there are less restrictions to offset possible nuisances. For instanc
commercial business districts typically require opaque screening for parking lots and allow a minimal amount of
outdoor storage. However, many of these areas do not require screening and substantial outdoor storage uses
are highly visible when driving through the corridor. There is also a lack of continuous sidewalks, wayfinding
signage, and street trees.

The History of the TOC Masterplan

In 2004, the Treasure Coast Regional Planning Council (TCRPC) funded through the Urban Land Institute (ULI)
conducted a charrette on behalf of the Town and CRA to assess the long-term vision of the industrial area.

The market boom of 2004 brought forth the notion that residential and mixed-use buildings were in high
demand. For such reasons, the 2004 charrette advocated the expansion of the industrial area into a zone that
allows flexibility for a variety of intensities and densities resembling the existing Regional Activity Center (RAC).
The results of the charrette yielded a vision that promoted higher densities and mixed multi-family residential,
commercial, and industrial uses with workforce housing being centralized to create a live/work environment.

Figure 36: Excerpt from TCRPC-TOC Industrial District Master Plan

ict | pels!

Considering that State Road 7 extends into several different jurisdictions, the TCRPC was also undergoing a plan
for the entire corridor to create a cohesive sense of place albeit crossing jurisdictional boundaries. This plan
echoed the Town’s need to improve its eastern boundary along the corridor as this is a high traffic generating

transit-oriented corridor.
Page 4]

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Figure 37: Excerpt from TCRPC-TOC State Road 7 Plan Showing Existing Conditions (Left) and Proposed Conditions (Right)

Subsequently, the CRA and the Town, in conjunction with Broward County, worked to create a new land use
designation known as the Transit Oriented Corridor (TOC). This land use designation was adopted in 2009 and a
Land Use Plan Amendment was approved to change the designations of the properties within the subject
industrial area to TOC.

Between the 2004 charette and the 2009 adoption of the land use designation, the trends of the economy
significantly shifted downwards. In 2010, the CRA requested services from a ULI’s Technical Advisory Panel
(TAP) to re-evaluate the vision outlined in the 2004 charrette and determine its viability post the economic
downturn. Questions and concerns arose about the feasibility of the plan as the 2007 Great Recession caused
substantial uncertainties in the real estate market.

The TAP report concluded that the population growth was less than what was anticipated, and property values
were not conducive to redevelopment efforts. As a result, the report discouraged the implementation of
centralized residential workforce housing and encouraged the proliferation of industrial and commercial uses as
consistent with the existing conditions.

Page 48

ae __
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

The TAP suggested three near-term actions:
e Rebrand the TOC as a regional business center
© Create signature entryway signage
© Develop a marketing plan advertising the district as an enterprise and foreign trade zone
= Highlight proximity to port, airport, marine industry, multiple major highways
= Offer incentives based on targeted industries
e Create a common design theme throughout the area
© Coordinate a design criterion for new development and redevelopment efforts to create consistency
and architectural harmony
e Strategically target infrastructure improvements
o Make streetscape improvements including curbing, striping, paving, drainage, and landscaping
enhancements
© Improve traffic flow and visibility by extending and connecting SW 50" Ave and SW 30" Street
© Produce utilities master plan

Ultimately, this report advocated a different direction than the 2004 charette. The Great Recession influenced
the market to be more conservative and less risky with development opportunities. This resulted in the ULI TAP
report being in greater support of maintaining the industrial/commercial uses and redirecting redevelopment
efforts to improving the overall ambiance by creating a visually cohesive environment.

Transit-Oriented Corridor Land Use and Zoning

In light of the aforementioned research, the Town carefully crafted and adopted the TOC Zoning District in 2019.
The creation of this District merged the findings of the 2004 charette with the 2010 ULI TAP report. It kept the
framework of the TOC vision by capitalizing on the frontage of major corridors, such as State Road 7 and the
intersection of the highways, while encouraging the continuation of the established industrial environment.

Page 49
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

O10z Ut Hodes qV 1, IN 40d sv payrpow os|y "POOT Ut p€T Aine YBN £1 SIME Wosy Pjay “oneLeYo Aep-UdAIs
ound & Jo INO MOUs JUD UU] ql JPISEIY VON, BOULWAE /POOMAT|OH/OIALC] OY], WOIJ POALVP SUA UB [BNIdIUOD DOL YL “ON

he ie Pon

18}OH HOsey 8 OUISeD

sepiog weyjnog col poy pie} ajoulweg

JeNUAPISEY/SXYNO/E}OY
ABMAJES)

jeuysnpuj Suysix3

AeMa}eS

LOLSIC S-OOL

sAeMa}eD,

yeuysnpu) yy6r)
LOILSIC WOOL
peoy saxeQ
LOILSIG N-OOL
Sj1OH
Pue S221
‘SUONB90}
sesf |euysnpu Aynarsi, YBiH
S}9}0} PUB $2014
"SUOHEDOT AMIQIS!A YBIY
S}9}0} Pue S89jO,
‘Suo}e007 AyIa’S\A YBI}Y

NV1d YSLSVI TWNLd3ONOD 2 SUNSIS

Ue|q 4a}Sey\ 9HN}SIq SUIUOZ 901 GLOZ

“POOT Mt gt Aimy ynonA / | Any MO prey ‘syazreYD Aep-weras o1qnd e zo yno Mars yes
BEd STEP BONEN Sfourtes/pooaL<TTOFLeAEC] ML, WOY paatiep Feas Wed [eMMeIIOD DOL MAL -MON

sapog wayinog 0) "1 r yoy pus} sjouvag
quapisey / 20W)O / HEI
PoousoquBian isamysnog
‘SBOROSWOM PUR SpUdW2I0}S
400), }Suy BNOGE /EGUEpISeY
(eursnpyy Gugsory poowogybian,
HONVAATT apIg-yINOg
8A) UMNO] JOORS URE,
JBuCgIpag © Jo WoCy O19 ye UOgCoRICN
UIE 2 URW, POY UND 2 J YS jooypg pasodary
(AN) 3943810 pooysoqusien
(CGY) 391381G jUaWIdojaAag g Yuessoy
“spueApncd ul 40
SBuipying jo 4eay ays ye SAMIDE
jewsn| s6uy aul
I pur apiy sGuipeng sour] reasnpuy 46)
(Gg) PL}8Ig Sseulsng
‘SeuUO}S g 0} dn
Uogeig sued) jepoW-qinyy jeQue}og — Sy910}4
= ue S20K40
sadejdysom 0} AyuKoud ui Buisnoy 2SUOHEI0]
yn spooysogysiany feuasnpy Agassi, uBry
saucsgojdn
— S}RIOH PUR S944
ssuogeso7 Apigesin, YBiy

ued emdasu0D DOL 6 24n51y

Ub}g Ja}SeY 9}}HeYD HOOT

Ue] g 19}Se | JOUISIG SUUOZ 9Q) YIM a}a1eYD ~OOT Woy Ue] Jo UOsedWOg :ge aundiy

Page 50
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

This District provides the option for the eligible properties with a TOC land use to request a rezoning to the TOC
District to optimize on the intensity and density flexibilities allowed by the TOC land use. Considering that the
nature of this land use and zoning designation is that it plans development around transit patterns, this area’s
proximity to multiple major corridors makes it ideal for substantial redevelopment. However, this alone isn’t
enough to incentivize and attract new developments. For such reasons, the Town and CRA facilitated a text
amendment in 2022 to change the maximum building height for properties fronting SR 7 from 12 stories with
an additional 4 with bonuses, to a maximum height of 275 feet. Developers providing mixed-use projects can
take advantage of this increased height by right without special request.

Unlike the TCRPC-TOC plan previously discussed, the TOC zoning district replaced centralized residential uses
with limited mixed-use residential uses along gateway corridors. This encourages industrial uses to be more
prominent within the core while accommodating mixed-use residential/commercial developments along the
perimeter closer to major points of transit.

As properties rezone into this District, there will be noticeable consistency per the development standards
which will promote architectural harmony over time. The CRA can continue to foster a sense of place but
making public improvements such as wayfinding signage, infrastructure improvements, adaptive reuse
initiatives, and incentive programs catered towards redeveloping industrial sites.

The Rebranding of the TOC

As stated in the “Land Use and Zoning” section, the TOC is being rebranded (for marketing purposes only) as the
“Residential, Industrial, Social, and Export (RISE) Zone”. Without altering the TOC land use or zoning
designation, the RISE rebranding will articulate to private sector businesses the vision of the TOC, as the term
“T0C” is a traditional planning terminology that is unfamiliar to many investors.

The vision of the RISE zone is to emphasize the redevelopment opportunities for uses relating to residential,
industrial, social, and export. As depicted in the TOC Master Plan, the goal to integrate industrial and
residential/commercial uses has been evolving since the establishment of the TOC land use designation. Though
the Master Plan identifies the appropriate places in which such uses should be placed along the industrial area,
the RISE marketing efforts are anticipated to promote the area as a practical “live, work, play” environment
where residential developments are denser than seen elsewhere in the CRA, and opportunities for work and

Page 51

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

gathering places are within a short distance. The emphasis on the “export” component of the RISE is based on
the proximity to the ports and major points of transit which are ideal for import/export businesses.

The CRA will continue to work with the Town to support the efforts to develop and promote the RISE zone.

Page 52

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

VIII. Neighborhood
Impact of Development
for RAC & TOC

The rapid transformation of key corridors in the redevelopment area will continue to impact the neighboring
residential communities. Within the TOC, there are existing mobile home parks that will soon be adjacent to
dense multifamily and mixed-use developments. The neighborhoods within the RAC, however, have had to adjust
to infrastructure improvements in addition to new construction for upcoming developments. While site
improvements can have negative consequences during the construction phase, the CRA and the Town have
worked with residents and business owners to maintain a positive outlook on the changes to come.
Improvements to public infrastructure have resulted in the increase of housing units and other significant
redevelopment efforts including private sector investments.. Nevertheless, it is important to understand how the
existing neighborhoods are being impacted by new development.

Relocation/Housing - As the number and types of dwelling units continue to increase within the CRA, the CRA
remains mindful of the risk of displacement and gentrification. Considering the limited number of vacant lots
within the redevelopment area, aged and low-income housing areas tend to yield a high return on investment as
the current zoning and land use designations allow for more intense uses than what currently exists. This makes
neighborhoods within the RAC and TOC marketable for redevelopment efforts.

Ordinance 2008-018 was created to protect the residents of the existing mobile homes within the CRA by
requiring a Mobile Home Relocation Assistance program. This program requires mobile home park owners to
assist park tenants in creating a relocation plan should the parks ever be sold for redevelopment. Additionally,
Policy 7-3 of the Town’s Comprehensive Plan confirms that “the Town shall actively seek the development of
housing alternatives for Town residents displaced by the closure of mobile home parks” for communities outside
of the RAC which currently accounts for a large percentage of low-income housing options.

7 52

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Relocation/Housing - As the number and types of dwelling units continue to increase within the CRA, the CRA
remains mindful of the risk of displacement and gentrification. Considering the limited number of vacant lots
within the redevelopment area, aged and low-income housing areas tend to yield a high return on investment as
the current zoning and land use designations allow for more intense uses than what currently exists. This makes
neighborhoods within the RAC and TOC marketable for redevelopment efforts.

Ordinance 2008-018 was created to protect the residents of the existing mobile homes within the CRA by
requiring a Mobile Home Relocation Assistance program. This program requires mobile home park owners to
assist park tenants in creating a relocation plan should the parks ever be sold for redevelopment. Additionally,
Policy 7-3 of the Town’s Comprehensive Plan confirms that “the Town shall actively seek the development of
housing alternatives for Town residents displaced by the closure of mobile home parks” for communities outside
of the RAC which currently accounts for a large percentage of low-income housing options.

Physical and Social Quality - Development can also change the culture and overall appearance of the existing
neighborhoods. Both the RAC and the TOC land use designations offer flexibilities in development standards
that can result in a proliferation of higher intensities. Furthermore, the form-based code provisions of these
codes require definitive build-to-lines facing the streets which sharply contrast with the existing conditions.
These requirements, in conjunction with the road improvements from Davie Road Phase Ill, facilitate a sense of
place that is reminiscent of an urban core which differs from what is existing. While the implementation of this
vision for Downtown Davie and the TOC will change the physical and social quality from what exists, it is likely
to result in an increase of employment opportunities and gathering spaces as commercial uses are developed as
well as an increase in the types of housing options- all of which improve the social quality for residents and
patrons.

As for physical quality, the design guidelines of the RAC and TOC encourage architectural features and
pedestrian amenities that invite patrons to engage with the built environment. While this yields a noticeable
divergence from the appearance of the current residential neighborhoods, the physical changes are anticipated
to improve the social and economic ethos of these areas whereby eliminating the appearance of blight and
economic depression.

Page 54

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Traffic Circulation — It remains a priority for the CRA to ensure safety, circulation, and accessibility throughout
the redevelopment area. The Davie Road Phase Ill infrastructure improvement project was fundamental in
ensuring sufficient accessibility downtown. With roadways widening and the implementation of sidewalks, the
roadway is more suitable for multimodal transportation opportunities and walkability. During this project, the
Town and the CRA issued notices of road closures, detours, and the Maintenance of Traffic (MOT) plans.
Information was disseminated to the public to ensure awareness of the interim inconveniences, the anticipated
duration of construction, and the alternate routes.

As new uses and developments produce greater trip generations in the downtown area, concerns relating to
insufficient parking and congestion arise. Due to smaller lot sizes in the downtown area, developers are
challenged with providing a surplus of surface parking. The lack of available public parking spaces has the
potential to spill over into the residential areas if not addressed. To further complicate matters, the post-
pandemic change in work-from-home employment statuses has hindered previously successful shared parking
arrangements.

For such reasons, the CRA is prioritizing the construction of parking garages to increase the overall number of
public parking spaces along the corridor. Additionally, the construction of SW 65" Ave will yield additional on-
street parking spaces. Should parking become a more paramount issue downtown, the CRA anticipates working
with the Town to provide creative solutions for parking included but not limited to buying land for surface
parking, creating a unified parking plan, implementing a parking incentive for users, or charging parking fees.

Environmental — The rapid redevelopment of Davie Road has urged contaminated properties within Downtown
Davie to remediate for future development opportunities. There are three sites within the CRA that have been
abandoned and categorized as contaminated sites and a fourth of which was an active gas station prior to
redevelopment. Each of these sites has been, or is going through, remediation for redevelopment and better
environmental quality.

3901 SW 64" Ave: Proposed as “The Promenade”, this site was historically used as a gas station with a car

wash. While the some existing infrastructure remains on the site, the underground went through remediation
services to comply with NEPA requirements for the reuse of this site.

Page 55

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Figure 39: Historic Aerial with Former Gas Station Figure 40: Rendering of the Promenade Development

Source: BCPA.net Source: Frank Costoya Architect, P.A.

CRA Property at the northwest corner of Davie Road and Orange Drive: 4493 SW 64" Ave (currently 6453
Orange Drive) has been a vacant site that was once used as a gas station. The property is a part of a larger
vision to develop a cornerstone project along the gateway to the downtown. A quarter acre of the site will be
dedicated as park/open space and development will be permitted on the remainder of the property.

Figure 41: Historic Aerial with Former Gas Station

Source: BCPA.net

Zona Place: 3790 SW 64" Ave has been previously used as the Town water treatment plant. An approved site
plan is pending construction for a mixed-use project with 244 residential units. As part of this proposal, the site
was remediated to comply with NEPA requirements.

Page 56

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Figure 41: Historic Street View of Former Water
Treatment Plant Figure 42: Rendering of Zona Place

Source: Google Earth Source: Ceiba Group

The District: 4801 S. State Road 7 operated as a Shell gas station and convenience store. As part of El-Ad
National’s project, The District, the site was purchased by the developer with assistance from the CRA as an
incentive in the amount of $2,600,000. The developer has remediated the site as part of the redevelopment of
the property which will consist of 1,256 residential units and 36,000 square feet of commercial space.

Figure 43: “The District” Aerial Map aig ure 44: “The District” Conceptual Plan .

i" Ss sat Ta

+
*

4
ee
¢
|

In addition to these remediation efforts, new developments are required to incorporate vehicle charging
stations, and pedestrian amenities. By having shopping, entertainment, residential, and employment options
nearby, patrons are able access a variety of uses by means of alternate forms of transportation.

Availability of Community Facilities and Services — Upon the initial establishment of the CRA, the residential
neighborhoods within the redevelopment area absorbed a significant percentage of the public services
rendered to the entire Town, specifically policing. As a result, the CRA receives enhanced Community

Page 5/7
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Policing services which dedicates officers to the redevelopment area and guarantees that police-related issues
are addressed promptly with high priority.

To improve the accessibility of community facilities to residents, the CRA redeveloped Potter's Park and
provided land donations for the Potter’s Park Gymnasium, also referred to as the Police Athletic League (PAL)
Gym, the Eastside Community Center, and the Eastside Fire Station. The CRA also constructed the Eastside
Community Center and the adjacent parking lot. As a result, the impact of development within the CRA
improved the accessibility and availability of community services and facilities to the residents of the CRA.

School Population - While there are no existing public schools within the redevelopment area, school
boundaries and voucher programs enable schools throughout the Town to serve school-aged residents within
the CRA. As new development projects go through the Broward County platting requirements, developers are
required to obtain a School Capacity Availability Determination (SCAD) letter. This letter verifies there is
sufficient school capacity for the new residential units and reserves those spaces accordingly for future
projections.

Analyzing the neighborhood impact of development ensures that new projects contribute towards, rather than
diminish, the quality of life for residents within the redevelopment area. Redevelopment efforts have increased
housing options, provided accessibility to public services and facilities, encouraged the remediation of
contaminated sites, and improve the roadways traffic circulation of the downtown area.

Page 58

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan pee Saw

IX. Community Policing

The Town has partnered with the CRA to combat nuisance and crime related issues. The original Findings of
Necessity indicated the concentrated areas within the residential neighborhoods in the CRA had more crime
than the entire Town. Increased criminal activities not only produce unsafe neighborhoods, but also negatively
impact property values and discourage private sector investments. To reduce and deter crime within this
region, the CRA receives enhanced services from the Town’s Police Department to ensure improvement in the
redevelopment area remains a top priority.

As revitalization efforts continue to revamp the redevelopment area, the Davie Police Department continues to
work one-on-one with new developers to ensure construction sites are frequently patrolled to monitor
trespassing and prevent theft.

Officers frequent HOA meetings, regularly engage business owners, and maintain positive relationships with
residents. Their intentional presence fosters a strong relationship with residents and business owners to
collectively address loitering, trespassing, drugs, and other types of crime.

The CRA will continue to promote community policing initiatives in the redevelopment area including the
funding of services, the implementation of operations plans, and community events to encourage the
interaction of CRA officers with residents and business owners/operators.

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

IX. Open Space, Public
Facilities, and
Community Engagement

The CRA has many options for residents and patrons to enjoy the outdoors and connect with the community.
Our parks and community engagement efforts are a combined, multidisciplinary collaboration with assistance
from the Town’s Parks, Recreation, and Cultural Arts Department, the Housing and Community Affairs Divison,

and the CRA.
Figure 45: Trails, Parks and Open Space Map for the CRA
id
James Ale e
Memorial Park <
= == op a a o
=== Robert Potter Park Trail ~ ae sone — a
—<~— Linear Park Trail 1 ] 2
ep ap == aE oS > eG a= =a .!
Veteran's Park
ae SWH39TH'ST q &"L" Lake
fo)
a vy
w Z
Z & i
ra) 5 \
=
Davie Arena at the Bergeron Rodeo j = == ap
Grounds = — [ 0 |
Huck Liles -. Booth id Park J |
Roberts Park Eastside
ety | commuhity Hall
inear Par! a ,
a =
Old Davie School
Historical Museum
Lange Park
91

Recreational facilities, parks, trails, and other forms of open space within the CRA are located near and around
our residential communities.

Page 60

a eee
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan
The 1996 National Recreation Park Association’s (NRPA) Park, Open Space, and Greenway Guidelines document
established classifications for passive and recreational sites that were later reiterated through the 2009 NRPA.
Most municipalities refer to this document as a guide to properly categorize open space areas.

The following classifications are the most applicable to the parks within the CRA:

Mini Parks (commonly known as “Pocket Parks”) — Areas designated to address limited recreational needs,
such as a small areawith chairs anda table ora miniature playground, typically within uniquelyshaped or
underdeveloped parcels.Sites are lessthan %4 mile distance from a residentialcommunity and canrange in
sizefrom 2,500 square feet to 1 acre.

Neighborhood Parks — Neighborhood parks are the basic unit of the park system. They are intended to serve
asthe recreational andsocial focus of a neighborhood. They contain opportunities for informal active and passive
recreation and are typically within %4 mile to 2 mile distance of a residential area. These parks are normally
between 5 and 10 acres in size.

Community Parks — Community parks are larger in size and in scope than neighborhood parks, though they
contain similar opportunities for activities. These parks usually serve two or more neighborhoods, preserve
unique landscapes and open space, and are within 2 mile to 3 miles of a distance from residential areas. Such
parks are typically 30 to 50 acres in size.

Park Trails — Park trails are multipurpose trails, consisting of either single purpose hard- surfaced trails
specifically for pedestrians, bicyclists, or in-line skaters, or hard-surfaced trails for all such users, generally
located within greenways, parks, and natural resource area. These trails are intended to focus on recreation
that is harmonious with the surrounding natural environment.

Recreational Facility - A facility that has public and private collaborations and is used towards the public park
and recreational system.

Special Use - An open space area designated for a specific purpose.

Connector Trails — These multipurpose, or single purpose, trails are designed to promote safe travel for
pedestrians, bicyclists, and/or in-line skaters (individually or collectively) moving around the community. The
intent is to allow such users to enjoy passive recreation as they commute. Such trails will either be designated

Page 61

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

within a right-of-way or adjacent to but independent from the right-of-way and connect to parks or other types
of trails.

Equestrian Trails — These trails are developed for horseback riding, typically including loop trails or connections
to other trails, and are usually located in larger parks and are designed to highlight natural resources.

Below are the parks and trails within the redevelopment area:

BETTY BOOTH ROBERTS PARK

Address: 4200 SW 61st Avenue

Type: Neighborhood Park

Size: 6 Acres

Description: A park equipped with a multi-use trail, two
water slides, basketball court, shelters, and grills.

BERGERON RODEO GROUNDS

Address: 4201 Rodeo Way Type: Recreational Facility
Size: 7 Acres

Description: A 72,000 square foot indoor/outdoor multi-
use venue capable of seating 5,000 people for
recreational purposes.

EASTSIDE COMMUNITY HALL

Address: 4300 SW 55th Avenue Type: Recreational
Facility

Size: 0.45 Acres

Description: A multipurpose 4,000 square foot
recreation facility featuring a kitchen and large meeting
room, restrooms and a wraparound porch.

Page 62

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

HUCK LILES GREEN

Address: SW 65th Way and SW 43rd Street Type:
Special Use

Size: 7 Acres

Description: Open space specifically for rodeo and event
parking, as well as pop-up public events.

JAMES ALE MEMORIAL PARK

Address: 6061 SW 36" Court Type: Pocket Park
Size: 0.13 Acres

Description: Open space used for passive recreation.

LANGE PARK

Address: 6550 SW 47th Street Type: Neighborhood Park
Size: 4.55 Acres Adjacent to Old Davie School Historical
Museum

Description: A park in close proximity to the Old Davie
School equipped with playground equipment and picnic
area.

LINEAR PARK

Address: Parallel to South New River Canal and Orange
Drive

Type: Park Trail

Size: 36 Acres

Description: A multipurpose trail along the South New
River (C-11) Canal with picnic shelters and docks.

Page 63

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

LINEAR PARK TRAIL

Type: Park and Connector Trail

Size: 9.3 Miles (8 miles within the CRA)
Description: A multipurpose equestrian trail along the
east to west South New River (C-11) Canal with smaller
trails going north and south that connect to other parks.

POTTER PARK AND POLICE ATHLETIC LEAGUE (PAL) GYM
Address: 4300 SW 57" Terrace Type: Neighborhood Park
Size: 4 Acres

Description: A park and multipurpose center equipped
with a gym, meeting rooms, computer labs, and a
concession area with restrooms. The outdoor venue
includes a picnic area, playground, baseball/softball
field, shelter, basketball court, racquetball court, and
additional restrooms.

ROBERTS POTTER PARK TRAIL

Type: Connector Trail Size: 14.4 Miles

Description: An urban recreational trail that allows
several small neighborhoods to connect to Town parks,
schools, and businesses.

Page 64
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

VETERAN'S PARK AND "L" LAKE

Address: 5750 SW 39th Street Type: Neighborhood Park
Size: 15.3 Acres (Veteran's Park is 2.38 acres and the
publicly owned portion of "L" Lake is 12.92 acres)
Description: A park equipped with a picnic area
andplayground fronting a water body, known as "L" Lake,
for fishing and passive water uses. 14.5 acres of the lake
are publicly owned and about 15 acres are private. The
park features a solemn monument honoring our veterans
overlooking the lake.

Community Engagement

While the CRA allocates funding for the improvement of physical infrastructure, the Town has been a partner in
sponsoring events that bring people into the redevelopment area. Events such as the Orange Blossom Festival,
concerts, and the rodeo generate traffic to the downtown area. Other avenues of promotion can include use of
CRA-owned land for Town sponsored public events such as outdoor art displays or temporary pop-up uses.

Page 65

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

XI. Historic Preservation

The CRA consists of four significant sites: the Old Davie School property, the Bergeron Rodeo Arena and
Grounds, Davie Town Hall, and the Davie Women’s Club. The process of providing the proper recognition and
preservation measures requires multiagency coordination as there are historical preservation efforts on the
federal, state, and local level.

The National Historic Preservation Act Amendments of 1980 established the Certified Local Government (CLG)
Program. This program essentially made historic preservation a public policy through the required adoption of a
historic preservation ordinance. It also created a decentralized federal, state, and local partnership to
recognize, evaluate, preserve, and protect historic sites. Under the direction of the National Park Service of the
Department of Interior, participating states can carry out historic preservation efforts and receive funding
through the Federal Historic Preservation Fund. Local governments who become a CLG can also receive such
financial assistance through their state. Additionally, the CLG program allows local governments to receive
training and technical assistance in historic preservation and grants them the ability to be a part of the
National Historic Places Registry nomination process. The State of Florida’s CLG program was established in
1986. To be eligible for this program, municipalities must satisfy the CLG criterion and maintain their
credentials.

The Town created the Thematic Historic District on February 16, 2011, through Ordinance 2011-11. This
Ordinance established the district recognizing specifically these four significant sites and allowed the Town
Council to operate as the Historic Preservation Committee. The ordinance adopted measures to preserve the
historical, architectural, and cultural integrity of the sites. Rehabilitation and preservation standards were put
into place to guide any repairs or reconstruction efforts without altering the historical or culturally sensitive
elements of the structures.

In 2021, the Town became a Certified Local Government (CLG) for Historic Preservation and codified additional

changes to the Historic Preservation section. Furthermore, the Town created an appointment Historic
Preservation Board.

’ 66
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Locally Significant Sites

Old Davie School Addition and Museum
Designed in 1917 and built in 1918, the Old Davie School was the first permanent school constructed within the
Everglades. The building itself played a substantial role in the foundations of this early community as it opened
its doors to serving 90 students from this growing population. It also served as a Town Hall, a formal/informal
meeting place hosting events such as including elections and dinners, and a shelter for inclement weather.

The educational institution itself began in 1912 and was housed in smaller structures. The establishment of this
building in 1981 became a milestone of growth as the number of school students outgrew the smaller edifices
provided. Though it was created as an educational facility, it became a focal point for this blooming community
and served multiple civic uses.

August Geiger, one of South Florida’s earliest and most prominent architects, designed the school in 1917 to
reflect the vernacular of its time. The two-story masonry structure includes horseshoe and bell—arched
openings, a textured stucco surface, a shallow hip roof behind the parapet, and a signature of the times, flat
roofed, masonry porch. In 1984, the Davie School Foundation was established to protect and restore the
integrity of the building to its original appearance. Over time, alterations and additional structures have been
added to the school’s campus, however, the integrity of the historical and architectural elements of the original
building remains intact.

In 1988, the original building was added to the National Register of Historic Places for architectural,
educational, and socially historical significance. It remains the oldest existing school building in continuous
operations in Broward County and also is used as a museum and an event venue.

While only the original building of the school has a nationally recognized historic designation, the Old Davie
School campus contains three houses that retain historic value and local significance: the Viele House, the
Walsh-Osterhoudt House, and the Pioneer House. There is also a chickee hut (“the Chickee”), a cafetorium, and
a path to Lange Park.

The Viele House
Davie’s oldest standing residential structure, the Viele House, was constructed in 1912 and relocated to the Old
Davie School campus as an emblem of historical and architectural significance.

Page 67

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan
The 4,230 square-foot home originally belonged to Harry and Helen Viele, a politically and social active family
in the early community of Davie. The Viele’s were actively involved in the Davie Women’s Club and had ties to
the Davie Farm Sub-Drainage District which maintained the canals and dikes for futures growth. In 1910, Mr.
Viele purchased 30 acres along Griffin Road and 70th Avenue which became the original site of this house as
well as the Viele Groves. The Viele Groves were established in 1912 and became one of the first citrus groves in
the area.

The structure has lasted through the perilous natural disasters of its time, including the 1926 hurricane and the
major floods of 1947. Upon being relocated to the campus, the structure was restored and preserved for its
unique historical relevance, and its portrayal of the architectural vernacular of its era.

The Walsh-Osterhoudt House

Built in 1912, the Walsh-Osterhoudt House carries the legacy of two prominent families from the early Davie
community. First established by Colonel Charles A. Walsh, and his wife, Kathrine Walsh, the house was situated
on 40 acres of land located at 6880 Griffin Road which was purchased in 1910. The property became the
original site of the home, as well as the site of the groves known as Orange Villa.

The success of the groves inspired the founding of the Walsh Citrus Company (incorporated as Wacico Groves),
which was established in 1923 by Colonel Walsh. The Company farmed on over 550 acres of land and secured
the reputation of the Everglades soil as being profitable for farming citrus fruit.

Mrs. Walsh was also active in the initial formation of the Davie community as she was the first president of the
Broward County Federation of Women’s Club. The two also were vital in organizing the Davie Community
Church in 1916.

While the house was occupied by the Walshes until 1932, the property was eventually purchased by Bud and
Betty Osterhoudt in 1955. Serving the community for 25 years, Mrs. Osterhoudt taught at the Old Davie School
for 25 years and then after retirement continued to serve in various capacities at the school.

Being in the midst of a growing community, the area surrounding the house was purchased for new housing
developments. Recognizing its cultural and historical significance, the Osterhoudt family worked with the
developer, Jordan and Harold Klemow, to donate the house to the Davie School Foundation’s collection and
spare it from being demolished. A grant was also raised by the Davie Historical Society to assist in the
relocation of the property. Though additions were made overtime to the residence, there are elements of the

Page 68
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan
original house that remain the same and therefore, the house is amongst those being preserved and protected.

The Pioneer House

Created to portray the vernacular and lifestyle of the era, the Pioneer House was designed as a replica of a
1908 early settler’s shack. This demonstrates the type of home the pioneer settlers would have found
themselves in upon arrival into the banks of the C-11 Canal post dredging. The replica includes elements such
as an outdoor restroom ("outhouse"), and a fire ring. The collaborative effort to create such replica was initiated
by Barbara and Dick McCall and involved members of the Davie Historical Society, Friends of the Old Davie
School, and community volunteers. It was dedicated to the Old Davie School campus June 29, 2002, and has
since stood as an icon of innovation and fortitude.

Over the years, the CRA has sponsored renovations and improvements of the school and overall campus. The
CRA donated $120,000 in 2009 to replace windows within the school building and has helped with
improvements as necessary. The relationship between the CRA and the Old Davie School campus continues to
be symbiotic as we foster the care and preservation of this significant site and in return, the site provides a
special historical component to the redevelopment area.

Bergeron Rodeo Arena and Grounds, Huck Liles, and the Davie Town Hall

Reflective of the Town’s western and rodeo history, the Bergeron Rodeo Arena and the Huck Liles sites play a
substantial role in maintaining Davie’s Cowboy Town culture. Dating back to the 1940’s, this site stood as a
gathering place for residents to enjoy the art of rodeo and relish in western culture.

Created by the pioneer residents of Davie, the rodeo grounds have been a staple of the community long before
much of the surrounding area was even developed.

By the 1960’s, the local site became accompanied by the Town of Davie Town Hall building located in the front
of the rodeo grounds, and the adjacent 10 acres referred to as the Huck Liles Stable property. In 1995, the

Huck Liles Stable property was acquired by the Town for the expansion of the rodeo grounds.

The Town is currently constructing a new Town Hall, a 4 story, 80,000+ square foot building at the previous
location of the Town Hall. The Town will complete this construction in 2027.

Page 69

aI —__
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan
The Davie Woman’s Club

The Davie Woman’s Club has received local, state, and national recognition for its significance in the Town’s
social history and architectural vernacular. The Woman’s Club property and building were added to the National
Register of Historic Places in 2016 as the building itself dates to 1947 though the women’s organization has
roots as far back as August 1922.

As an organization, notable women from the early Davie community gathered to undertake various projects and
tasks. Their efforts ranged from creating landscaping committees for the local school to raising funds for a
variety of nonprofits and social causes. Throughout the years, they fostered the gathering of resources and
cultivated a society that selflessly supports local and charitable efforts. The Club joined the national
organization called the General Federation of Woman’s Clubs through their joining of the Florida Federation of
Woman’s Clubs in 1925.

The first building belonging to the Club was a house that was purchased in 1931. They allowed the second floor
to be used as a public library with books they donated and weekly opened their doors for individuals needing
aid. In 1946, the club purchased land from the Chamber of Commerce and built the building they currently
operate out of at 6551 SW 45th Street. While residing in this building, the Club continues to sponsor and host
several events for local and charitable causes.

While the national recognition is attributed to the physical site of the Club for its masonry vernacular reflective
of the times and culture in which it was first constructed, it should be noted that the organization itself is also
recognized for its social significance.

The 1911 Hotel

The Everglades Land Sales Company constructed a hotel in 1911. While the site was used to house visitors and
contractors working on the dredges, it also served as a barbershop, hotel, restaurant, local post office,
telephone exchange, and the first Women's Club building. Historians suggest this building could be the first
permanent building within the Town and is the oldest remaining building in Davie. In recent years, the site has
been used as private apartments and as an office. While the historical elements of the structural integrity
cannot be verified without further evaluation, the building remains an important piece of Davie's history and
culture.

Page 70

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan
Consideration of Future Designations

By the Town receiving its CLG credentials, the Town and the CRA can receive more resources in maintaining and
improving these historically significant sites. As the Town establishes the Historic Preservation Board, the
Board will be able to weigh in on any rehabilitation efforts and evaluate any other sites that can potentially be
of historical significance. The CRA’s role in such effort would be to provide funding, as available, and other
forms of resources to further protect and preserve the sites within the CRA’s boundaries.

As previously stated, there are a number of sites in the Town that have historical significance even though they
are not designated at the local, state, or national level. There are two specific sites within the CRA that have
historic and cultural significance that have not been designated, but perhaps should be considered for
designation in the future. The early settlers of Davie established both a Baptist and a Methodist congregation.
In 1916, the two had merged to form the Davie Methodist Episcopal Church and by 1926, an official church
building was created enduring the harsh storms of 1926, the Church opened its doors to the community and
housed over 100 residents who lost their homes due to the 1926 hurricane. As the congregation began to grow,
the Church, by this time known as the Davie United Methodist Church, constructed a larger edifice a few blocks
away on SW 65th Ave. The historic site was then occupied by the Our Lady of Victory Catholic Church, who
continues to operate at that location. The Town has entered into a property swap agreement with the Church
and anticipates owning the property later this year.

Page 71
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

XII. Funding and Safeguards

To ensure transparency and structure remain a top priority of the CRA, this section outlines the safeguards in
place to guarantee accountability when it comes to financial disclosures, development control, project and
program implementation, and funding.

Safeguards to Ensure Financial Accountability

The CRA shall be fully subject to the Florida Sunshine Law and will regularly conduct meetings to carry out the
business of the CRA.

The CRA shall adhere to its adopted by-laws to govern its activities and implement its administrative policies.
These are the administrative documents by which the CRA operates.

The CRA will provide adequate safeguards to ensure that all leases, deeds, contract, agreements, and
declarations of restrictions relative to any real property conveyed shall contain restrictions, covenants running
with the land and its uses, or other such provisions necessary to carry out the Goals and Objectives of the
Redevelopment Plan, as well as Chapter 163, Part Ill of the Florida Statutes.

The CRA shall maintain adequate records to provide for an annual audit which shall be conducted by an
independent certified public accountant or firm. The audit report must accompany the annual financial report
submitted by the Town to the Department of Financial Services, regardless of whether the agency reports
separately under that section.

The CRA shall file an annual report by March 31st with the Broward County Board of County Commissioners and
the Town of Davie and publish the report on the CRA’s website for public review. It shall contain a
programmatic overview of the activities of the CRA as allowed by the CRA Redevelopment Plan subject to
Chapter 163 of the Florida Statute. This report shall include:

e The most recent complete audit report of the redevelopment trust fund as required in Section 163.387(8).

e The performance data for each plan authorized, administered, or overseen by the community

redevelopment agency as of December 31 of the reporting year, including the:
© Total number of projects started and completed and the estimated cost for each project

’ 712

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

e Total expenditures from the redevelopment trust fund.

e Original assessed real property values within the community redevelopment agency’s area of authority as
of the day the agency was created.

e Total assessed real property values of property within the boundaries of the community redevelopment
agency as of January 1 of the reporting year.

e Total amount expended for affordable housing for low-income and middle-income residents.

e A summary indicating to what extent, if any, the community redevelopment agency has achieved the goals
set out in its community redevelopment plan.

The CRA shall file all reports necessary on or before March 31 of each year to comply with the “Special
Districts” requirements of the State of Florida, including an annual financial report to the Florida Department of
Financial Services and to the Department of Economic Opportunity.

Safeguards for Development Control

All development and redevelopment activities shall be within the allocated redevelopment area consistent with
the adopted Redevelopment Plan, the Town’s Comprehensive Plan, the Town’s Land Development Code, all local
building and zoning codes, and other applicable regulations. The CRA Board shall review and/or provide that all
leases, deeds, contracts, agreements, and declarations of restrictions relative to any real property conveyed or
leased may contain restrictions and/or covenants, running with the land and its uses, or other such provisions
necessary to carry out the Goals and Objectives of this Redevelopment Plan.

The redevelopment accomplishments facilitated by the CRA will continue to benefit the citizens of the Town of
Davie after the CRA’s sunset in 2039. Infrastructure improvements and properties acquired and owned by the
CRA throughout its existence will be transitioned to the Town after its sunset.

All CRA activities, funding, and administrative designs shall require approval by the CRA Board. Through its
annual budget process, the CRA shall report on the status and progress of programs and projects to the CRA
Board. The CRA shall also provide an opportunity for input from members of the public including property
owners, business owners and operators, residents, and interested parties regarding redevelopment activities.

Page 73

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Funding for the Redevelopment Trust Fund

Section 163.356 of the Florida Statute allows CRA’s to establish a redevelopment trust fund. Sources for the
funding include the following:

Tax Increment Financing (“TIF”) Revenue

Tax Increment Financing (“TIF”) revenue is the major source of funding for redevelopment projects under the
State of Florida Community Redevelopment Act. Until 2027, the CRA will have six taxing authorities that
provide TIF funds:

e Town of Davie

Central Broward Water Control District (CBWCD)
Children Services Council of Broward County (CSC)
South Broward Hospital District (SBHD)

North Broward Hospital District (NBHD)

Broward County

Community Development Block Grant (CDBG)

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) offers various types of Community Development
Block Grants (CDBG). The Town of Davie can apply for a CDBG Program for eligible housing rehabilitation
assistance, relocation assistance, home ownership assistance, and other direct benefit programs within the
redevelopment area.

Land Acquisitions/Sales/Leases
The CRA can acquire, sell, lease, or prepare property for development. The revenue from the sales or leasing of
such land to private developers can be used as a source of income for the CRA.

Contributions and Grants

Voluntary contributions by private companies, foundations and individuals are a potential source of income to
the CRA. Although such contributions may only account for a small portion of redevelopment costs, they do
provide opportunities for community participation with positive promotional benefits.

Page 74
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Direct Borrowing from Commercial Lenders and/or Public Entities

The CRA can fund redevelopment projects and programs through direct borrowing of funds. Depending on the
particular project(s) funding requirements, the CRA may utilize short- and long-term borrowing. Although terms
and condition may have a direct bearing on the use of a particular commercial lending institution, the CRA will
generally attempt to attain the lowest available interest rate.

Broward County per Interlocal Agreement

The Interlocal Agreement between the Town, the CRA, and Broward County states the County shall make annual
payments to the Town on or before December 1, 2027, and on or before December 1 in each of the following
seven (7) years, the Town shall invoice the County for an affordable housing contribution (“County
Contribution”) in the amount of Two Million Three Hundred Twenty Thousand Dollars ($2,320,000). This funding
source can be used towards eligible affordable housing expenditures in the CRA.

Funding for CRA Initiatives

While the aforementioned funding sources can provide direct financial support to the CRA, there are also
sources that can indirectly support CRA initiatives by either assisting development projects, non-profit
initiatives, businesses, developers, or a combination thereof. Below is a list of programs specific to industries
and various government agencies:

Affordable Housing Programs

There is an assortment of programs available at the local, state and federal level to promote affordable housing
ventures. The Town, County, State and Federal government agencies recognize three tiers of income-based
housing: very low, low, and moderate, also referred to as “work force”. The affordability of these units is based
on percentages of the applicable county’s median household income and limits rentals to no more than 30% of
the renter’s income. While the Town Code requires developers constructing 100 or more units to provide a
minimum of 15-20% affordable housing units, there are several financial assistance programs incentivizing the
designation of such units. The CRA can encourage developers to use these programs (as applicable) to increase
the number and type of affordable housing options within the redevelopment area.

Page 75

i \  £4x,;> aS
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan
Road Infrastructure Funding
Local, state, and federal agencies offer many transportation funding opportunities to enhance various means of
transportation. Many of these programs seek to promote alternate methods of transportation, such as mass
transit and pedestrian/bicycle transportation, and improve congestion and traffic circulation.

Broward County Transportation Surtax

Broward County approved a one percent sales surtax for transportation in 2018 and adopted a Mobility
Advancement Program. This program allows the surtax dollars to be granted to municipalities with eligible
transportation projects.

Brownfield Remediation

Properties that have previously been used for uses that potentially pose negative environmental impacts can
apply for local, state, or federal resources for brownfield remediation. These resources help remediate the site
of any contamination to be reused by a viable operation. The CRA can promote adaptive reuse of sites that have
contamination by referring property owners to these resources for remediation. The Environmental Protection
Agency (EPA), the State of Florida, and Broward County all offer programs to assist with remediation efforts.

Florida Main Street Program

Florida Main Street is a technical assistance program through the Department of State’s Division of Historical
Resources. It is geared towards revitalizing historic areas and boosting the local economy while preserving
historical elements.

5. Department of Treasury

The US Department of Treasury works directly with Community Development Entities (CDE) and Community
Development Financial Institutions (CDFI) through the CDFI Funds. The Department awards CDFI Funds to
qualified CDEs and CDFls to invest and finance eligible development projects, business expansions, and
programs benefiting distressed communities.

New Market Tax Credit (NMTC)

This program enables CDEs to provide funding to projects that would otherwise encounter difficulties receiving
funds due to the surrounding area of the project. Three of the census tracts in the CRA are within NMTC eligible
areas and are deemed either “distressed” or “highly distressed” as determined by factors relating to household
incomes, poverty rate, and unemployment rate. The CDEs then receive federal tax credits in exchange for their

Page 76
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

assistance in funding such projects. For every $1 of federal money provided, the NMTC brings up to $8 in
private sector funding.

Healthy Food Financing Initiative

The census tracts within the CRA that are deemed “distressed” and “highly distressed” are also considered to
be “food deserts” which are areas that lack access to grocers and affordable and healthy food options. The CDIF
sponsors the Healthy Food Financing Initiative which promotes healthy food related goods and services within
food deserts. Food desert funds are also available through other government entities and nonprofits.

Funding Offered by the CRA Through Incentives

Consistent with the Goals and Objectives of this Redevelopment Plan, the CRA provides incentives to developers
and business owners investing into the redevelopment area. Below are examples of the ways the CRA can offset
development costs and promote redevelopment efforts through the use of incentives:

Commercial Property Improvement Program Grants (CPIPG)

The CPIPG is a reimbursement grant created to promote the rehabilitation and revitalization of existing
commercial, office, and/or multifamily residential rental units.

The Major Grant offers one dollar for every three dollars spent on eligible hard construction costs for a
maximum award of $100,000.

The Minor Grant offers one dollar for every two dollars spent of eligible hard construction costs for a maximum
of $10,000.

Dine & Design

This reimbursement grant aims to attract new businesses in the restaurant and arts industries to the CRA’s
redevelopment area. Applicants awarded this incentive can receive a reimbursement dollar-for-dollar grant of
up to $200,000 for their eligible interior build-out construction.

Impact Fees

The CRA can offer to pay the required impact fees generated at the start of a new construction project. These
fees pay for the increase in services anticipated by the proposed development.

Page 77
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Land Donations, Price Reductions or Land Reimbursement
The CRA can offer to donate land or acquire and resell land at a reduced price to help offset development costs.
The CRA can also offer to reimburse a developer for the purchase of land that expands their project and adds
overall value to the project.

Tax Increment Financing Incentives
The funds from the incremental tax generated yearly, after a new development has been constructed, can be
leveraged by the CRA as a redevelopment incentive for developers.

Inclusionary Housing

The CRA can contribute towards the Affordable Housing Trust Fund for new developments providing over 100
units that opt to pay in lieu of providing affordable housing units. The CRA can also compensate developers for
affordable housing units included within their project.

Loan Subsidies

The CRA can offer a Loan Subsidy Grant based on the dollar value of the improvements being made. The interest
subsidy shall not exceed five percent (5%) per annum for the first five years of the loan period, less the
discounted present value based on the one-year US Treasury note rate.

Business Resources and Partnerships for Funding

The Town of Davie has been able to partner with the CRA to fund and support concepts that would be beneficial
to the CRA without needing to expend CRA funds. These concepts include business development services, small
business promotional programs, and business retention initiatives. Should the opportunity come up, the Town
can also assist the CRA with tenant/vacancy recruitment efforts.

“Let’s Talk Business” Small Business Promotional Program

In partnership with the Town, the CRA offers a small business promotional program that highlights eligible
businesses during a segment of the CRA Board Meetings. The program gives local business owners the
opportunity to be awarded with a customized promotional video created by Town staff while receiving a
recognition award and a photo opportunity with the CRA Board. The videos are featured on the Town of Davie’s
social media platforms and website and can be used by the candidate to give them a competitive edge on their
social media platforms.

Page 78

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Corporate Outreach Retention & Engagement (CORE) Business Retention Program

The CORE program allows Town/CRA staff to visit industry leaders within the CRA to discuss challenges and
opportunities specific to their business. As businesses express interest in receiving assistance for business
development, the CRA relies on its partners through the Town, Small Business Development Center, Career
Source Broward, Career Source Florida, the Greater Ft. Lauderdale Alliance, and Broward County to assist with
workforce development and training grants. Meanwhile, the CRA is also able to inform these businesses of the
existing CRA grants for physical improvements.

Small Business Development Center (SBDC)

Through the Town’s partnership with the SBDC, CRA businesses are able to receive business development
assistance at no cost. These resources include assistance with identifying and applying for business loans,
creating business plans, obtaining various assessments, and financial analyses.

Vacancy Recruitment

Should the Town decide to receive assistance with tenant recruitment to occupy vacancies, the CRA will be able
to benefit from this partnership. With a number of new commercial square footages being constructed in the
redevelopment area, assistance with recruiting commercial and industrial tenants will be beneficial in
preventing vacancies.

Expenditures and Revenue Projections

Given the funding sources mentioned above and the anticipated dates of completion for current and ongoing
projects, the CRA has created a 5-year forecast between 2025 and 2030. It should be noted that this
projection is not a final budget but rather serves as guide for project implementation.

Figure 46: Table of Revenue Projections Between 2025 and 2030

The noticeable decline in revenue projections between FY 2027 and FY 2028 is due to the change to the Town
receive TIF funding from the Town of Davie only starting FY2028.

Page 79

i \ £4x,;_> aS
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Figure 47: Table of Expenditure Projections Between 2025 and 2030

ee ae
EXPENDITURES
Payment of PrincipaVinterest on CRA Bonds | S$ 1,696,726.00 | S$ 845,074.73
Salaries -Reguier | $ 255,199.00 | $ 267,968.96 | $ 281,356.90 | $ 296,424.74 |S 310,196.98] S 325,705.78
Logevty |S 2,500.00] $ 2,500.00] S$ 2,500.00 | S 2,500.00 | $ 2,500.00] $ 2,500.00
Auto Allowances |S 1,200.00] $ 1,200.00] S 1,200.00 | S 1,200.00 |S 1,200.00] S 1,200.00
Phone Allowances |S 360.00] S 360.00] S 360.00} $ 260.00 | S$ 360.00] S 260.00
FICA Taxes |S 18,868.00 | S 19,811.40] $ 20,801.97 |S 21,842.07 | $ 2ZB171S 24,080.88
Retirement |S 22,931.00] $ 44,577.55) $ 6,206.43) S 38,121.75 |S 40,027.84] $ 42,029.23
Life and Hesith insurance | $ 24,444.00 S 25,066.20) S 26,949.51 |S 28,296.99 |S 29,711.83] S 31,197.43
Workers Comp |$ 389.00] $ 08.45) S 423.87 |S 49.22/S 47283) $ 496.467
Professional Services - LegalExpenses | S$ 30,000.00] S$ 30,000.00 | $ 30,000.00 | S 30,000.00 | $ 30,000.00] $ 30,000.00
Profess ional Services - Special Projects |S 160,000.00] $ 160,000.00] $ 160,000.00 | S$ 160,000.00 | $ 160,000.00] S 160,000.00
Professional Services - (Other) |S. 129,500.00] $ 136,975.00] $ 142773.75 | $ 148,912.44] S$ 157,408.06] S$ 166,278.46
Profess ional Services - Investment AdvsoryFees |S 2,500.00] $ 2,500.00] $ 2,500.00 | $ 2,500.00 | $ 2,500.00] $ 2,500.00
Other Services - Contractual Services| $ 359,500.00} S 377,.476.00| S 396,348.75 |S 416,166.19 | S$ 436,574.50] S$ 458,823.22
Other Services - Internal Charges IT | $ 23.11200/ $ 28,126.44] S 31,500.49 | $ 36,280.55 | S 39,514.22] S 4,255.92
Other Services - AdministrstiveFees |S 278,326.00] $ 297,808.82] $ 318,655.44 | S$ 340,961.22] $ 364,828.61] S$ 390,366.61
Other Services - CRA Policing Program | $ 449,000.00] $ 471,450.00] $ 495,022.50 | $ 519,773.63 | $ 545,762311 S 573,050.42
Communication Services |S 2,156.00] S$ 2,282 75| S$ 2,375.89 |S 2,494.68 | S 2,619.42] S$ 2,750.39
Utility Services - Water & Sewer |S 75,€20.00]} S$ 79,401.00] $ 83,371.05 | S 87,539.60 $ 91,916.58] S 96,51241
Utility Services - Electric |S 19,400.00] $ 20,370.00] S$ 21,288.50 |S 2,457.3) $ 23,880.82] S 24,759.86
Rertab &Lleases |S 9,888.00] S 10,382 40| S 10,901.62] $ 11,446.60 | S$ 12,018.93] $ 12,619.87
Insurance Premiums |S 60,000.00} S 63,000.00] $ 66,150.00 | S$ 69,457.50 | $ 72,900.38] S 76,576.89
Repars&Maint - Vehicle Usage |S 9,576.00] $ 10,054.80] S 10,557.54 | S$ 11,085.42 | S$ 11,639.69] S$ 12,221.67
Repeirs&Maint - Contractrual s 351,000.00} S 268,550.00} S 386,977.50 | $ 406,325.38 | S$ 426,64269) S$ 4457, 7483
Repairs &Maint - Directed Work Non Contract | $ 2,500.00 | S$ 2,500.00 | S$ 2,500.00 | S$ 2,500.00 | S$ 2,500.00] S 2,500.00
Emergency Resporse | $ 10,000.00] S$ 50,000.00] $ 50,000.00 | S$ 50,000.00 | $ 50,000.00} $ 50,000.00
Office Supply Expenses |S 11,980.00] $ 11,980.00] S 11,980.00 | S$ 11,980.00 | S 11,980.00] $ 11,980.00
Emergency Preparedness | S$ 5,000.00] $ 5,000.00] S$ 5,000.00 | S$ 5,000.00 | S$ 5,000.00] S 5,000.00
Oper Sup- Fuel | $ 600.00) S$ 600.00) S$ 600.00] $ 600.00 | S$ 600.00] $ 600.00
Sofware |S 1,050.00 | $ 1,102 0 | $ 1,157.63 |S 1,215.51 | $ 1,276.28] S 1,340.10
Training & Education |S 16,670.00] S$ 17,503.50] S$ 18,378.68 | $ 19,297.61] S 20,28249] S$ 21,275.61
Land Acquisition |$ 13,844,896.00] $ 2,575,711.09| $  6,004,309.77|$  802,38746|$ 2,90,161.82|$ 2,416,838.57
Tech Equip |S 2,900.00 | $ - $s - $s : $s = $s -
Interfund Transfer | $ 1,000.000.00 | $ 1,000,000.00} $ 1,000,000.00 | $ 1,000,000.00 | S 1,000,000.00 | S 1,000,000.00
Legs! Settlements |S 780,000.00] $ = s = s = s = s =
Grants& Aids - Property improvement Grants $s 200,000.00 | $ 400,000.00 | $ 400,000.00 | S$ 400,000.00 | $ 400,000.00] $ 400,000.00
Employ Davie | S$ - s - s - 1s = s 2 s c
Dine& Design |S = s 200,000.00] $ 200,000.00 | $ 200,000.00 | $ 200,000.00] $ 200,000.00
cPprs |$ 200,000.00 | $ 200,000.00 | $ 200,000.00 | S$ 200,000.00 | $ 200,000.00] $ 200,000.00
i i i $ 285,000.00} $ 3,025,000.00 | $ 426,000.00
Inivess ity Pointe - Property Tax Credit Payment/Incentive| $ 225,000.00] $ 225,000.00
Zona Village Incentive} $ 200,000.00] $ 200,000.00
EbAd) $s 2,600,000.00
TOTAL ANNUAL EXPENDITURES $ 790. S$ 309. $10.447 352.68) $4,946 578.65 767,519.44) 79464

The expenses depicted in the expenditure chart above are based on daily operational costs, CRA commitments
through incentives, and funding for CRA programs. As seen above, the $20 million bond will be paid off in FY

2026.

Figure 48: Table of CRA Reserve Fund Projections Between 2025 and 2030

"CRA RESERVES Fund

FY2024 Rollover is $6,956,807, $7,059, 157.00 $ 572,496.71 | $ (0.00)| (0.00)| $ (0.00)| $ 0.00

Dave Road Downtown Improvements] S$ 431,002.00

Rodeo Grounds/Arena Upgrades} $ 400,000.00

Land Acquisition} $ 720,721.00 | $ 572,496.71

Huck Lile: Burying Power Lines, SW 65th Ave & 44th] S 1,986, 790.00

SW 61 Avenue Bridge Widening| $ 599,845.00

Legal Settilements| $ 2,920,799.00
Use of CRAReserves $7,059,157.00) $572,496.71 $0.00 $0.00 $0.00 $0.00
Reserve Balance} $0.00) $0.00) $0.00 $0.00 $0.00 $0.00!

Ongoing infrastructure projects, land acquisition, and legal settlements are anticipated to come out of the CRA
Reserves between FY 2025 and 2026. If there is any capital projects carryover, these budgeted funds will
carryover in the CRA Reserves as statutorily permitted.

Page 80

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

XIII. Goals and Objectives

The CRA Redevelopment Plan is geared towards addressing the blighted conditions acknowledged in the
Findings of Necessity reports for the Original Area, and Expanded Areas 1 and 2, which are as follows:

e Deteriorating neighborhoods

e Dwindling commercial activities and job opportunities

e Concentration and persistence of criminal activities

e Inappropriate or obsolete land uses

e Inadequate transportation routes and means

e Extraordinary consumption of public services

e Conditions which lead to reduced property values, impairment of sound growth, and loss of private investor
confidence

e Reduced property values

The vision of the CRA remains to eliminate the conditions of blight through various redevelopment tools. This
section identifies the goals and objectives the CRA will use to improve these conditions through strategic
efforts and planning. These goals and objectives will ensure the CRA maintains its commitment to enhance
physically and economically depressed areas, bolster economic development, eliminate the appearance of slum
and blight, improve the quality of life for residents, businesses owners/operators, and patrons, and optimize the
potential of properties within the CRA through land development regulations.

Goal “A” — Use of Redevelopment Tools

The CRA will continue to use a variety of redevelopment tools to administer revitalization efforts for properties
within the CRA. The CRA Board reserves the right to add, remove, or amend any incentives and/or
redevelopment tools, including the use of TIF redevelopment trust fund revenue, as allowed by Florida Statutes
Chapter 163 Part Ill.

Objective 1: Acquisition, Assemblage, Sales, and Leases of Real Property
The CRA may acquire real property through purchase, or other lawful means, to assist or facilitate the
redevelopment process. The CRA may assemble land to use, lease, or sell parcels at a fair-market rate, reduced

’ 81

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

cost, or any negotiated amount, for the purpose of development or redevelopment. The documents of
conveyance, purchase and sales, or developer agreements will contain any conditions necessary to safeguard
the goals and objectives of the CRA Redevelopment Plan.

Objective 2: Property Rehabilitation
The CRA may rehabilitate and/or require rehabilitation as part of a lease or sale for any property within the
redevelopment area.

Objective 3: Structural Relocation
If a property is within an area deemed worthy of rehabilitation through redevelopment efforts, the CRA may
authorize funds to relocate the existing structure to a new location.

Objective 4: Demolition and Clearance

The CRA may authorize the demolition, removal or clearance of land, buildings, structures, and other
improvements on CRA-owned property, or property subject to an agreement, within the redevelopment area as
part of revitalization efforts.

Objective 5: Preparation of Building and Development Sites
The CRA may undertake building and/or site preparations on any real property within the redevelopment area,
to assist in the redevelopment process.

Objective 6: Landbanking
The CRA may purchase land and hold it for future CRA and/or Town redevelopment opportunities.

Objective 7: Brownfields
The CRA may assist with the remediation and redevelopment of a designated brownfield site or area.

Objective 8: Incentivize Commercial Exterior and Interior Improvements

The CRA may continue to offer incentives to promote exterior fagade renovations and interior improvements to
commercial properties within the redevelopment area. Programs include but are not limited to the Commercial
Property Improvement Grants (major and minor) and the Dine and Design Grant programs.

Objective 9: Public Improvements
The CRA shall maintain the quality of eligible public facilities and infrastructure within the redevelopment area.
Page 82

2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan
The GRA may fund capital improvement projects that will serve the properties within the redevelopment area to
improve capacity, level of service, access, and overall quality. Potential capital projects include neighborhood
improvement projects such as the Eastside Infrastructure project and the Transit-Oriented Corridor Master Plan
Drainage Improvements. The CRA will work with the Town of Davie to incorporate these projects into the Town
of Davie Capital Improvement Plan. Capital improvements include sidewalks, roads, lighting, stormwater sewer,
water, internet, brownfield site and area remediation, parks, parking, parking garages, transit, transportation,
buildings and any other statutorily permitted publicly funded capital project.

Goal “B” — Economic Development

The CRA will continue to prioritize projects, initiatives, and partnerships that bolster economic development
within the redevelopment area with a particular focus on the Davie Road and SR7/441 corridors.

Objective 1: CRA Partnerships

The CRA will continue to partner with the Town of Davie to receive Town sponsored services that promote the
economy of the redevelopment area including but not limited to business development assistance, small
business promotional programs, workforce development partnerships, and vacancy recruitment.

Objective 2: Business Development Resources

The CRA will continue to recognize and retain existing businesses within the redevelopment area by
administering small businesses recognition programs, such as “Let’s Talk Business,” and business retention
programs such as “CORE”.

Objective 3: Incentives for Physical Improvement

The CRA may encourage the relocation of businesses into the redevelopment area or new development
opportunities by offering incentives relating to physical improvements within the redevelopment area.

Goal "C": Enrich Housing Options

The CRA will aim to improve the quality and quantity of housing options within the redevelopment area.

Page 83
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan
Objective 1: Increase Housing Options
The CRA will continue to strive towards providing a variety of housing options that range in affordability and
housing type.

Objective 2: Use of Funds for Affordable Housing

The CRA will continue to promote affordable housing options by enforcing and support the Town’s Affordable
Housing Incentive Program and using funds designated by Broward County per the Interlocal Agreement for
eligible affordable housing projects in the CRA.

Objective 3: Residential Improvements
The CRA can opt to include programs geared towards residential improvement efforts.

Objective 4: Community Initiatives
The CRA can support community/neighborhood initiatives to collectively clean, paint, rehabilitate, and make
minor improvements to eligible properties within the redevelopment area.

Objective 5: Crime Prevention Through Environmental Design
The CRA may utilize and promote Crime Prevention Through Environmental Design (CPTED) principles to ensure
residential neighborhoods are designed to enforce safe and secure environments.

Objective 6: RISE Zone
The CRA will encourage the redevelopment of the TOC (RISE zone) to incorporate housing options where

suitable.

Objective 7: RITE Zone
The CRA will work with the Town on adding residential units to the RAC (RITE zone) for future development.

Goal “D”: Improve Quality of Life

The CRA will continue to boost the livability, walkability, sense-of-place, safety, and recreational options within
the redevelopment area.

Page 84

[i \ £4x,;>_______S
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

Objective 1: Mixed-Use Developments |
As prescribed in the Town’s Land Development Code, the CRA will promote the use of mixed-use developments
to increase the number of live/work/play options where suitable.

Objective 2: Community Policing

The CRA will continue to combat elements of blight by employing enhanced CRA Community Policing services
within the redevelopment area. This will help alleviate disparaging actions and enforce cleanliness, order, and
lawful behavior by having noticeable police presence within the redevelopment area.

Objective 3: Public Facilities and Infrastructure

The CRA will continue to partner with the Town to prioritize the appearance and maintenance of the public
facilities and infrastructure within redevelopment area. The CRA can also sponsor beautification efforts or
capital improvement projects to improve the redevelopment area.

Objective 4: Active and Passive Recreation
The CRA may allow the use of CRA-owned property for active and passive recreation, and events both on a
permanent and temporary basis.

Objective 5: Public Art

The CRA may promote displays of public art for both new and existing developments through incentives and
various forms of recognition. The CRA may also encourage community engagement efforts to develop public art
initiatives by partnering with local artists, art programs, and art schools. The CRA will look to assist the Town of
Davie in the implementation of the Public Arts Master Plan.

Objective 6: Traffic Circulation and Congestion

The CRA may support efforts to improve traffic circulation and deter congestion. This includes the possibility of
implementing creative parking solutions, offering parking incentives, or securing parking areas (structured and
surface) for public use. The CRA may provide funding for roadway improvements on any public road including
but not limited to SW 61 Avenue, Griffin Road, Orange Drive, and Davie Road. In addition, the CRA can provide
funding to construct parking (i.e. garages, decks, surface parking) to support the Bergeron Rodeo Grounds and
the CRA redevelopment efforts.

Objective 7: Multimodal Transportation
The CRA may promote multimodal transportation options by implementing and/or supporting the use of a

Page 85
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

trolley system, public bike rentals, or other forms of public and private contracted transportation in the
redevelopment area.

Objective 8: Open Space

The CRA may invest in open space and recreational sites within the redevelopment area including the creation
of park and open space specific master plans and the implementation of said master plans. Optimizing the
CRA’s parks, trails, recreational and special use facilities will allow residents and visitors to enjoy the green
space and recreational opportunities offered by the Town and the CRA. These sites include but are not limited
to the parks, open space and facilities detailed in Section 5 of this Redevelopment Plan.

Objective 9: Transparency

The CRA will provide open and transparent communications with its stakeholders including residents,
businesses, and visitors. The CRA will hold public meetings for feedback including neighborhood meetings and
planning charettes. Furthermore, the CRA will utilize social media, email, its website and any other means of
communication to get the community information on the CRA’s project, initiatives and programs.

Goal "E" — Historic Preservation

The CRA will remain an advocate of historical preservation for all sites deemed culturally, architecturally,
socially, or historically significant within the redevelopment area.

Objective 1: Eligible Properties

The CRA will continue to support historic preservation efforts for eligible properties within the redevelopment
area. These sites include but are not limited to the Old Davie School Museum, Our Lady of Victory, and any other
property that falls within the Town of Davie Historical Thematic District.

Objective 2: Designated Sites
The CRA will work with the Town’s Historical Preservation Board and Town Council to ensure the preservation,
protection, and maintenance of sites already declared significant to the Town within the CRA boundaries.

Objective 3: Recognition of Properties

The CRA will promote the recognition of properties qualified to be deemed significant to protective status
through the Historic Preservation Board and Town Council.

Page 86
2025 CRA Redevelopment Plan

XIV. Closing Summary

The Redevelopment Plan outlines the CRA's vision and the strategies to achieve its objectives. In summary, the
CRA's original sunset date of 2027 has been extended to September 30, 2039, through an interlocal agreement
with the GRA, Town, and Broward County. From Fiscal Years 2025 to 2027, the CRA will continue to draw from
funding sources provided by six taxing authorities. After that period, the CRA will function on a non-TIF
generating basis (with the Town as an exception) until September 30, 2039. The CRA’s priorities include
increasing the availability of affordable housing, diversifying housing options, reducing crime rates, enhancing
infrastructure, promoting private sector investment, and boosting property values.

As the CRA works to achieve the goals and objectives outlined in this Redevelopment Plan, it remains dedicated
to ensuring a high quality of life in the redevelopment area long after its sunset in 2039. With the appropriate
redevelopment tools and active stakeholder participation, the CRA is confident that the long-term impacts of
its initiatives will lead to higher property values, safer communities, aesthetic enhancements, more housing
options, and an improved quality of life in the area.

Ultimately, the CRA aims to ensure that the redevelopment area becomes a sustainable, resilient, and
economically strong community that continues to flourish after the CRA’s duration. The Redevelopment Plan
serves as a roadmap for these efforts, and the CRA is dedicated to maintaining the strategies and objectives
outlined within it.

KEY POINTS

SS Ta

CRA Extension to Continuation on Non-TIF

Maintaining Goals Set
2039 Basis (Except Town) See eee

Forth in Plan

INSTR # 120119201
Recorded 03/24/25 at 11:19 AM
Broward County Commission
11 Page(s)

Appendix 1 "Interlocal Agreement" Mtg Doc Stamps: $0.00
Int Tax $0.00
#1

INTERLOCAL AGREEMENT AMONG BROWARD COUNTY, THE TOWN OF DAVIE,
AND THE TOWN OF DAVIE COMMUNITY REDEVELOPMENT AGENCY (CRA)
REGARDING THE EXTENSION OF THE CRA AND FUNDING FOR AFFORDABLE HOUSING

This Interlocal Agreement (“Agreement”) is entered into by and among Broward County,
a political subdivision of the State of Florida (the “County”), the Town of Davie, a Florida
municipal corporation (the “Town”), and the Town of Davie Community Redevelopment Agency,
a public body corporate and politic created pursuant to Chapter 163, Part Ill, Florida Statutes,
(the “CRA”) (collectively, the County, the Town, and the CRA are the “Parties”).

RECITALS

A. On March 29, 1988, through County Resolution No. 88-1105, the County
delegated certain powers to the Town, and in December 1989, through Town Resolution 89-339
and Town Ordinance No. 88-23, the Town approved the creation of the CRA pursuant to the
delegated authority and the provisions of Chapter 163, Florida Statutes.

B. Since its inception, the Town has approved certain modifications of the CRA
redevelopment plan (“Plan”), including in 1994 through Town Resolution No. 94-287, expanding
the CRA to add an additional 737 acres, in 1997 through Town Resolution No. 97-434, further
expanding to add another 20 acres, and in June and September 2012, updating the Plan in various
respects. The CRA currently consists of approximately 1,104 acres.

Cc. In 2010, the CRA issued $20 million in bonds (Series 2010). In 2013, the CRA
refunded the Series 2010 bonds by issuing $17.4 million in bonds (Series 2013A and 2013B). The
Series 2013 bonds mature in Fiscal Year 2026. The CRA also borrowed $4 million from the Town
in 2022, which requires annual repayments of $1 million.

D. The CRA receives funding from six taxing authorities: the County, the Town, the
South Broward Hospital District (“South Hospital District”), the North Broward Hospital District
(“North Hospital District”), the Central Broward Water Control District (“Water District”), and the
Children’s Services Council of Broward County (“CSC”). Pursuant to the requirements of Section
163.387, Florida Statutes, and unless otherwise agreed by the relevant entities, the taxing
authorities are generally required to fund the CRA annually in the amount of 95% of the
difference between the current ad valorem tax revenue for the redevelopment area and the ad
valorem tax revenue for the redevelopment area at the time of the enactment of the ordinance
providing for the funding of the redevelopment trust fund.

E. The CRA is currently scheduled to expire on December 17, 2027, pursuant to the
provisions of the Plan and Section 163.3755(1), Florida Statutes. The County and the Town seek
to support affordable housing and continued economic development in the Town at large, as well
as within the CRA, and therefore agree to (1) an extension of the CRA through and including
September 30, 2039, solely on a non-TIF basis for all taxing authorities other than the Town; and

Interlocal Agreement Regarding Davie CRA Page 1 of 11
(2) certain supplemental funding by the County to support affordable housing programs in the
Town.

Now, therefore, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1. DEFINITIONS

1.1 Affordable Housing Programs. The programs, initiatives, and expenditures identified on
Exhibit 1 hereto, including as modified pursuant to Section 2.7 of this Agreement.

1.2 CRA Termination Date. On or before September 30, 2039.

1.3 CRA Extension Period. The period of almost twelve (12) years from December 17, 2027,
through and inciuding the CRA Termination Date.

1.4 Effective Date. The date on which this Agreement is executed by the last of the Parties
executing this Agreement.

1.5 Taxing Authorities. The County, the Town, the South Hospital District, the North Hospital
District, the Water District, and the CSC.

1.6 TIF Obligation(s). Any and all amounts that the applicable Taxing Authority would be
obligated to pay to the redevelopment trust fund for the applicable district of the CRA pursuant
to Section 163.387, Florida Statutes.

ARTICLE 2. TERMS AND CONDITIONS

2.1 ‘The Parties stipulate that this Agreement governs the rights and obligations of all Taxing
Authorities relating to TIF Obligations to the CRA.

2.2 Extension of the CRA. By execution of this Agreement, the County expressly authorizes
the Town and the CRA to extend the CRA ona non-TIF basis only (except for the Town which may,
if it wishes, extend the Town’s TIF obligations to the CRA) for the CRA Extension Period in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Within one hundred and eighty (180) days after
the Effective Date of this Agreement, the Town and the CRA will approve an amendment to the
CRA Redevelopment Plan that expressly incorporates the terms of this Agreement, extends the
duration of the CRA for the CRA Extension Period, expressly states that the Taxing Authorities
(other than the Town, if the Town elects to continue the Town’s TIF Obligations) shall have no
TIF Obligations after September 30, 2027, and expressly requires that the CRA terminate on or
before the CRA Termination Date. The Town and the CRA shall take any and all action necessary
to effect the timely termination of the CRA.

2.3. TIF Obligations. The TIF Obligations of the Taxing Authorities shall continue in accordance
with Section 163.387, Florida Statutes, until September 30, 2027. No Taxing Authority (other than

Interlocal Agreement Regarding Davie CRA Page 2 of 11
the Town, if the Town elects to continue the Town’s TIF Obligations) shall have any TIF Obligation
to the CRA after September 30, 2027 (i.e., the final TIF obligation will be due on or before
January 1, 2027). This Agreement does not require, limit, or impact any agreement between the
Town and the CRA regarding the TIF obligations of the Town. The CRA shall strictly comply with
the provisions of Section 163.387, Florida Statutes, with respect to all monies received pursuant
to the TIF Obligations of the Taxing Authorities.

2.4

2.5

County Affordable Housing Contributions.

2.4.1 Subject to Section 2.4.2, the County shall make annual payments to the Town in
accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.4.1 to support affordable housing in the
Town. On or before December 1, 2027, and on or before December 1 in each of the
following seven (7) years, the Town shall invoice the County for an affordable housing
contribution (“County Contribution”) in the amount of Two Million Three Hundred
Twenty Thousand Dollars ($2,320,000); and the County shall pay the invoiced amount of
the annual County Contribution to the Town on or before the latest of (a) December 31
of the year in which the invoice was received, (b) ten (10) business days after the annual
report required by Section 2.6 is provided by the Town; or (c) fifteen (15) days after the
date the Town pays the CRA the applicable Town TIF Payment and provides the County
with documentation evidencing same in accordance with Section 2.4.2. All County
Contributions are subject to the restrictions on use and accounting stated in Section 2.5.
In no event shall the total of all County Contributions exceed Eighteen Million Five
Hundred Sixty Thousand Dollars ($18,560,000).

2.4.2 Each County Contribution payment obligation in Section 2.4.1 is contingent upon
the express condition precedent that the Town pay an annual TIF Obligation of at least
Two Million Three Hundred Twenty Thousand Dollars ($2,320,000) to the CRA (“Town TIF
Payment”), commencing with the TIF Obligation due on December 31, 2027, and
continuing each subsequent year through December 31, 2034. No later than December
31 of each applicable year, the Town will provide documentation to the County
evidencing the payment of each Town TIF Payment. If any Town TIF Payment is not timely
paid to the CRA and documentation of same timely provided to the County, the due date
for the applicable County Contribution shall be extended in accordance with Section
2.4.1(c) until the applicable Town TIF Payment is paid and documentation of same
provided to the County. The CRA will utilize the Town TIF Payments only for statutorily
approved CRA activities, including affordable housing.

Use of County Contributions. The Town shall utilize all County Contributions solely for

Affordable Housing Programs, and the Town must account for all such monies as follows:

2.5.1 All County Contributions received by the Town must be deposited into and
maintained in a specially designated account that is used solely for this purpose
(“Program Funding Account”).

Interlocal Agreement Regarding Davie CRA Page 3 of 11
2.5.2 All County Contributions and all proceeds thereof (including interest) shall
be utilized by the Town solely for Affordable Housing Programs. In no event shall any
such funds or the Program Funding Account be utilized, pledged, loaned, transferred,
allocated, appropriated, or encumbered to or for any project, activity, or expenditure
other than an Affordable Housing Program. At the end of each fiscal year, any monies
in the Program Funding Account shall be deemed restricted funds and shall only be
used for Affordable Housing Programs in subsequent fiscal years.

2.6 Annual Reporting. On an annual basis by December 31 of each year beginning December
31, 2028, and continuing until the first December 31 following the fiscal year of the Town’s final
expenditure of County Contributions paid under this Agreement, the Town will provide a written
report to the County that includes the following information:

2.6.1 The total balance of the Program Funding Account, and all deposits to and
debits from the Program Funding Account for the prior fiscal year; and

2.6.2 A list of all Affordable Housing Programs that received any funding the
prior fiscal year (including any expenditure, encumbrance, appropriation, or other
designation of funds) and for each such program: identification of the source(s) of all
funding to date for the program; the total amount received from each funding
source; and the total amount paid or expended to date for the program.

2.7 Modifications to Affordable Housing Programs List. Upon request by any Party, the
County Administrator and the Town Administrator, or their respective designees, will review the

list of Affordable Housing Programs (Exhibit 1) to determine if any modifications should be made
to the list. Upon written approval by the County Administrator and the Town Administrator of a
modified list of Affordable Housing Programs, the modified list shall be deemed to automatically
replace Exhibit 1 hereto as of the commencement of the next fiscal year (or on such other date
as otherwise agreed to in writing by the County Administrator and the Town Administrator).

2.8 Broward County Administrative Code Application. The Parties agree and stipulate that at
least as of January 14, 2014 (which is the adoption date of Broward County Resolution
No. 2014-025), Broward County Administrative Code Section 18.87 is binding on the Town and
the CRA and prior written approval of the County is required for any modification of a
redevelopment plan where such modification involves a boundary change, extension to the term
of the redevelopment plan involving the continuing contribution by the taxing authorities, or a
change of such magnitude as would require a County or municipal land use plan amendment. In
no event shall the Town or the CRA extend the duration of the CRA beyond the CRA Termination
Date without formal written approval by the County Commission.

2.9 Stipulation as to CRA Boundaries. The County shall not initiate or participate in any
challenge to the legitimacy of the current boundaries of the CRA, namely the geographical area
of approximately 1,104 acres as described in Recital B above.

Interlocal Agreement Regarding Davie CRA Page 4 of 11
2.10 End of TIF Obligations. The Parties agree and stipulate that, except to the extent expressly
authorized in this Agreement, there shall be no extension to the duration of the CRA nor
expansion of the boundaries of the CRA without the prior written approval of the County
Commission, and that all TIF Obligations of any Taxing Authority (other than the Town) to the
CRA will terminate on September 30, 2027, such that the final TIF payment is due under Section
163.387, Florida Statutes, prior to incurring statutory interest, on or before January 1, 2027.
Except for unpaid TIF due on or before January 1, 2027, no Taxing Authority (other than the Town,
if the Town so elects) shall be obligated to pay any TIF Obligation to the CRA after September 30,
2027. All funding obligations of the Taxing Authorities (other than the Town) to the CRA shall be
strictly limited to the obligations expressly stated herein.

2.11 Additional Remaining Balances. Nothing in this Agreement alleviates the obligations of
the CRA, in accordance with Section 163.387, Florida Statutes, to refund to the Taxing Authorities
any additional monies remaining in the CRA’s trust fund on the last day of the fiscal year that
were not (i) properly appropriated to a specific project to be completed within three (3) years
from the date of appropriation or (ii) pledged or used to reduce the indebtedness to which tax
increment revenues are pledged. Except as expressly stated herein, nothing in this Agreement is
intended to modify any obligation of the Taxing Authorities or the CRA that may otherwise exist
under applicable law.

2.12 Fiscal Year. In accordance with Florida law, including Chapter 129, the financial obligations
of County under this Agreement are subject to both the appropriation and the availability of
funds pursuant to Chapter 129. For each County fiscal year during which a County Contribution
(as defined in Section 2.4.1) is to be paid by County under this Agreement, the County
Administrator will use good faith efforts to propose and advocate to the Board of County
Commissioners an annual budget that appropriates sufficient funding to fully fund the applicable
County Contribution. For each (if any, including any nonappropriated amounts) County
Contribution due that is not paid in full by the end of the applicable fiscal year, the unpaid portion
of the County Contribution shall be due on or before December 1 of the subsequent fiscal year
until paid in full. No interest shall accrue and be owed on any County Contribution.

ARTICLE 3. MISCELLANEOUS

3.1 Effective Date; Time is of the Essence. The Agreement shall become effective as of the
Effective Date. Time is of the essence for all performance required under this Agreement.

3.2. Termination; Breach; Challenge. This Agreement may not be terminated for cause or for
convenience. The sole and exclusive remedies for any breach of this Agreement shall be specific
performance or injunctive relief. In the event of a breach of this Agreement, the Parties agree
and stipulate that the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect as to the other Parties,
and further agree and stipulate that the nonbreaching Party or Parties are entitled, at their
election, to specific enforcement of the terms of this Agreement, and the Parties expressly agree
and stipulate that the Agreement is valid and enforceable, fair and just in all its terms, and that

Interlocal Agreement Regarding Davie CRA Page 5 of 11
damages resulting from a breach of this Agreement are sufficiently uncertain and indefinite that
specific performance is an appropriate equitable remedy.

3.3. Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Parties expressly agree and stipulate that there are no
third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement other than the Taxing Authorities.

3.4 —_ Notices. In order for a notice to a party to be effective under this Agreement, notice must
be sent via U.S. first-class mail, with a contemporaneous copy via e-mail, to the addresses listed
below and shall be effective upon mailing. The addresses for notice shall remain as set forth
herein unless and until changed by providing notice of such change.

NOTICE TO COUNTY:

Broward County Administrator

Attn: Monica Cepero

115 S. Andrews Ave., Suite 409, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301

E-mail address: mcepero@broward.org (with copy to ameyers@broward.org)

NOTICE TO TOWN:

Town of Davie

Attn: Town Administrator

8800 SW 36th Street, Davie, FL 33328
E-mail address: RLemack@davie-fl.gov

NOTICE TO CRA:

Davie Community Redevelopment Agency
Attn: Director

8800 SW 36th Street, Davie, FL 33328
E-mail address: PHolste@davie-fl.gov

3.5 Joint Preparation; Headings and Interpretation. This Agreement has been jointly prepared
by the Parties hereto, and shall not be construed more strictly against any Party. The headings

contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not in any way affect the
meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. All personal pronouns used in this Agreement shail
include any other gender, and the singular shall include the plural, and vice versa, unless the
context otherwise requires. Terms such as “herein” refer to this Agreement as a whole and not
to any particular sentence, paragraph, or section where they appear, unless the context
otherwise requires. Whenever reference is made to a section or article of this Agreement, such
reference is to the section or article as a whole, including all subsections thereof, unless the
reference is made to a particular subsection or subparagraph of such section or article. Any
reference to “days” means calendar days, unless otherwise expressly stated. Any reference to
approval by County shall require approval in writing, unless otherwise expressly stated.

3.6 Governing Law, Venue, and Waiver of Jury Trial. This Agreement shall be interpreted and
construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Florida. The exclusive
venue for any lawsuit arising from, related to, or in connection with this Agreement shall be in

Interlocal Agreement Regarding Davie CRA Page 6 of 11
the state courts of the Seventeenth Judicial Circuit in and for Broward County, Florida. If any claim
arising from, related to, or in connection with this Agreement must be litigated in federal court,
the exclusive venue for any such lawsuit shall be in the United States District Court or United
States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Florida. EACH PARTY HEREBY EXPRESSLY
WAIVES ANY RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CIVIL LITIGATION RELATED TO
THIS AGREEMENT.

3.7. Amendments. Except as otherwise expressly stated herein, no modification or
amendment to this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing and executed by the duly
authorized representatives of the County, the Town, and the CRA.

3.8 Incorporation by Reference. Any and all Recital clauses stated above are true and correct
and are incorporated herein by reference.

3.9 Prior Agreements. This Agreement represents the final and complete understanding of
the Parties regarding the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous
negotiations and discussions regarding that subject matter. There is no commitment, agreement,
or understanding concerning the subject matter of this Agreement that is not contained in this
written document.

3.10 Sovereign Immunity. Except to the extent sovereign immunity may be deemed waived
by entering into this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement is intended to serve as a waiver of
sovereign immunity by the County, the Town, or the CRA.

3.11 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple originals, and may be
executed in counterparts, whether signed physically or electronically, each of which shall be
deemed to be an original, but all of which, taken together, shall constitute one and the same
agreement.

(The remainder of this page is intentionally blank.)

Interlocal Agreement Regarding Davie CRA Page 7 of 11
Por

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have made and executed this Agreement: Broward
County through its Board Of County Commissioners, signing by and through its Mayor or Vice-
Mayor, authorized to execute same by Board action on the Zz day of telne { iawU ,
2025, the Town of Davie, signing by and through its Mayor or Vice-Mayor, duly authorized to
execute same; and the Town of Davie Community Redevelopment Agency, signing by and
through its Chair or Vice-Chair, duly authorized to execute same.

COUNTY

ATTEST: BROWARD COUNTY, by and through
/ es es signed by Beam
of, ff) ft Gest Date: 2025.03.19

its Board of County Commissioners
Sut ba
By: ht aie Fé WH ot / LU By: 14:45:09 -04'00"

Broward County Administrator, as Mayor

ex officio Clerk of the Broward County ’
Board of County Commissioners \G™ way of Marcn , 02D

Nate, Approved as to form by
RS GO nS ny, Andrew J. Meyers
= oe 0 % Broward County Attorney
ee CREATED += m= 115 South Andrews Avenue, Suite 423
Zn ia <:2= Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301
ae %B 1915 =: %: Telephone: (954) 357-7600
% “Thy eo = a
4 count. Ss HL a
%, — SS B Serine ease oer
oP ys y.
TTT René D. Harrod (Date)
Chief Deputy County Attorney
RDH
Davie CRA Interlocal Agreement
2/24/2024

#1070519.10

Interlocal Agreement Regarding Davie CRA Page 8 of 11
INTERLOCAL AGREEMENT AMONG BROWARD COUNTY, THE TOWN OF DAVIE,
AND THE TOWN OF DAVIE COMMUNITY REDEVELOPMENT AGENCY (CRA)
REGARDING THE EXTENSION OF THE CRA AND FUNDING FOR AFFORDABLE HOUSING

TOWN

Town Of Davie

er
2

C7 Town Mayor

Town Clerk Ci Print Name

am day of Mark ,202e,

AJFEST: By:

| HEREBY CERTIFY that | have approved this
Agreement as to form and legal sufficiency
subject to execution by the parties:

aC

Town Attorney

Interlocal Agreement Regarding Davie CRA Page 9of 11
INTERLOCAL AGREEMENT AMONG BROWARD COUNTY, THE TOWN OF DAVIE,
AND THE TOWN OF DAVIE COMMUNITY REDEVELOPMENT AGENCY (CRA)
REGARDING THE EXTENSION OF THE CRA AND FUNDING FOR AFFORDABLE HOUSING

Town Of Davie Community
Redevelopment Agency

Pray yb San tau

Attest - Print Name

5m day of Uweh 202

| HEREBY CERTIFY that | have approved this
Agreement as to form and legal sufficiency
subject to execution by the parties:

CRA Attorney

Interlocal Agreement Regarding Davie CRA

Page 10 of 11
EXHIBIT 1
Affordable Housing Programs

Affordable Housing Programs are programs that constitute one or more of the following types of
expenditures:

1.

Rehabilitating a residential property for Qualified Recipient(s), subject to restrictive
covenants requiring that the affordability of the residential units be maintained for a
period of at least ten (10) years for owner-occupied housing.

First-time homebuyer assistance programs for Qualified Recipients, subject to restrictive
covenants requiring that the affordability of the residential units be maintained for a
period of at least fifteen (15) years.

Actual expenses for planning, designing, or implementing horizontal infrastructure
(i.e., drainage, wastewater, water supply, solid waste, lighting, paving, bridges, roadways,
canals, or transportation) in conjunction with affordable housing projects for Qualified
Recipients, as designated by both the Town Administrator and the County Administrator
(which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld), provided that total expenditures for
this category shall not exceed fifteen percent (15%) of all County Contributions.

Gap financing for new construction or acquisition/rehabilitation of affordable multi-
family rental or purchasable units for Qualified Recipients subject to restrictive covenants
requiring that the affordability of the residential units be maintained for a period of at
least thirty (30) years.

Other affordable housing programs for Qualified Recipients approved in writing by the
County Administrator, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.

Except where expressly indicated above, prior approval by the County Administrator or the
Broward County Board of County Commissioners is not required for any individual Affordable
Housing Program that constitutes one or more of the types of expenditures listed above.

As used herein, “Qualified Recipients” means persons with an annual median income (AMI),
adjusted for family size, that is no higher than 120% of the AMI for Broward County, Florida, as
published by the Florida Housing Finance Corporation for the applicable year.

Interlocal Agreement Regarding Davie CRA Page 11 of 11
THIS PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY
DAVIE

COMMUNITY REDEVELOPMENT AGENCY

For more information contact:
Town of Davie Community Redevelopment Agency
8800 SW 36" Street
Davie, FL 33328
www.davie-fl.gov/cra
(954) 797-205]
