Sole / Single Source Request Justification
(For Noncompetitive Purchases over $2,500)

WARNING: Per Florida Statutes 838.22(2) — It is unlawful for a public servant or a public contractor who has
contracted with a governmental entity to assist in a competitive procurement to knowingly and intentionally obtain a
benefit for any person or to cause unlawful harm to another by circumventing a competitive solicitation process
required by law or rule through the use of a sole-source contract for commodities or services.

To: Budget & Finance / Purchasing Division:

Your approval is requested to initiate a sole/single source procurement action:

Requestor Name Christopher Chastain

& Title: Lieutenant

Requestor .

Dept./Division: Police

Phone Number: 954-693-8385 Requisition Number

NTSS- 2019-03

Recommended Sole/Single Source procurement action with:
Company Name: SaferWatch, LLC

Contact Name: Geno Roefaro

Address: 1 Town Center Road, Suite 500

City, State, Zip Boca Raton, FL 33486

E-mail: Billing@saferwatchapp.com

Telephone: 844-44WATCH
Is the recommended company the manufacturer? Ml Yes [JNo
Does the manufacturer sell the item(s) through distributors? LlYes [MNo

If yes, please have manufacturer provide a list of all authorized distributors.

Describe the full scope of work contemplated including installation if required; items should include brand,
model and part number if applicable.

The police department is in need of software to allow citizens to report incidents or tips, via video,
photo audio or text in realtime and directly into a law enforcement communications center.

Sole Source Justification over $2,500 Page 1 of 4
Sole / Single Source Request Justification
(For Noncompetitive Purchases over $2,500)

Identify the date you need item
delivered or work performed.

Type of Sole/Single Source (Check One) Sole Source [__]singte Source

|v] One-Time: applies to a single requisition and purchase order for the current fiscal year

[| On-Going: Applies to multiple purchases to be made for one year from date
Sole/Single Soure approved.

Estimated Annual Expenditures for one year:

$
Is there a contract related to these services? Yes{_| No_ If, yes has legal reviewed it7_lves [_]No

SOLE/SINGLE SOURCE RATIONALE

Explain why the recommended company is the only company who can perform the requirement. Address the
following: Are there any other companies who can do this job? What condition (e.g. technological superiority, or
performance risks, etc.) exists so that the recommended company has a significant advantage over any other
company who can do this job?

It is important to sufficiently address the major reason for conducting a noncompetitive procurement, avoiding
peripheral issues which detract from the main reason and reduce the credibility of the justification. The rational
must be clear and convincing, avoiding generalities and unsupported conclusions. Use one or more of the following
as applicable.

Use additional sheets if necessary.

A specific contractor is the only source of the required item because (check all that apply):

The required items are proprietary to the Contractor

A specific item is needed:
[| to be compatible or interchangeable with existing hardware,
as spare or replacement hardware,

for the repair or modification of existing hardware, or

Vendor is the original equipment manufacturer; there are no regional distributors.
Verification from manufacturer is attached

[] for technical evaluation or test.

Sole Source Justification over $2,500 Page 2 of 4
Sole / Single Source Request Justification
(For Noncompetitive Purchases over $2,500)

This is the only equipment that meets the specialized needs of the department and
performs the intended function. Detailed justification is attached.

[| Vendor is the sole distributor that is restricted by the manufacturer to our territory.
Verification from manufacturer is attached.

It is not possible to obtain competition (i.e., only one source is capable of supplying the
items or meeting the requirements). In a brief explanation, provide supporting evidence
for the conclusion; other sources considered should be identified and why they are not
able to meet the requirements.

The SaferWatch Platform is the only commercially available law

enforcement and community notification and communication tool which has the patent pending
combination of services including: the ability for an end user to report incidents or tips, via video,
photo, audio or text and/or Emergency Live Video (which transmits real-time video and audio
streams) which may include a user's physical GPS location, nearest address, profile (including
profile photo), contact information, emergency contacts and self-provided medical information
directly into a law enforcement communications center or a RTCC (real-time crime center).

[| There is a substantial technical risk in contracting with any other contractor, thereby
making that an unacceptable course of action (e.g., where only one contractor has been
successful to date in implementing a difficult manufacturing process). In a brief
explanation, provide supporting evidence of other contractor's with relevant capabilities
and emphasize their inability to overcome the substantial technical risk.

For support services effort, there is no reasonable expectation that a meaningful cost or
other improvement could be made in the incumbent contractor’s performance (e.g., the

Sole Source Justification over $2,500 Page 3 of 4
Sole / Single Source Request Justification
(For Noncompetitive Purchases over $2,500)

chances of another firm winning a competition are clearly remote). Please provide a
brief explanation.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

This section must be completed:

I am aware of the Town’s requirements for competitive bidding for purchases over
$2,500.00 and the criteria for justification for Single Source/Sole. I have gathered the
required technical information and have made a concerted effort to review
comparable/equal equipment (e.g., market research). 1 have attached the pertinent
documentation showing what market research was conducted to preclude other items

from consideration.

Christopher Chastain Seu icuy osetia

Requestor Signature Date

Department Director Signature Date

To be complete by Purchasing staff:

The Town has advertised the above request on the Town’s website in accordance with
State of Florida Statute 287.057 and no challenges or protests were received. *

__ Boe _——_ denne Albers — 12fi3[/4
SVM. (2 [isl

Procdrement Manager Signature: Date:

If approved by Town Council: Resolution Number:

*All requests for Sole/Single Source will be advertised on the Town’s website for a minimum of
7 days prior to approval from the Procurement Manager.

Sole Source Justification over $2,500 Page 4 of 4
AFERWATCH

Sole Source Justification

(wm)

November 26, 2018

Davie Police Department
Attn: Purchasing Department
1230 S Nob Hill Rd,

Davie, FL 33324

Dear Purchasing Department,

To the best of our knowledge, the SaferWatch Platform is the only commercially available law
enforcement and community notification and communication tool which has the patent pending
combination of services including: the ability for an end user to report incidents or tips, via video,
photo, audio or text and/or Emergency Live Video (which transmits real-time video and audio
streams) which may include a user’s physical GPS location, nearest address, profile (including
profile photo), contact information, emergency contacts and self-provided medical information
directly into a law enforcement communications center or a RTCC (real-time crime center).

In addition to users being able to submit real-time information, the SaferWatch Platform offers
the ability for law enforcement and organizations to send out unified, mass notifications to
targeted geographic areas including predefined geofenced locations and locations that
encompass a specific geo-radius from a defined address. Users of the App receive a unique
notification tone and vibration upon receipt of an alert which helps to notify users of a real-time
incident which is occurring or provide updates on an incident that has occurred. Once users
have received the alert, they are able to view critical instructions provided by the law
enforcement entity and offers users the ability to comment privately and directly to the law
enforcement entity; possibly providing law enforcement with real-time intelligence during an
active situation.

Sincerely,

frve Ofer

Geno Roefaro
President
SaferWatch

SaferWatch, LLC 1 Town Center Road Suite, 500 Boca Raton, Florida, 33486
www.SaferWatchApp.com | Billing@SaferWatchApp.com | 844-44WATCH
