DocuSign Envelope ID: FD52D683-B0E0-4C34-A36A-1A4761E0F962

ffock safety

MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING

This Data Sharing Memorandum of Understanding (hereinafter “MOU”) is entered into
by and between Flock Group, Inc., with a place of business at 2588 Winslow Drive,
Atlanta, GA 30305 (“Flock”) and Davie Police Department with a place of business at
1230 S. Nob Hill Rd., Davie, FL 33324 (“Agency”) (each a “Party”, and together, the
“Parties’).

Whereas, Agency desires to access Flock’s technology platform and Flock Safety
dashboard (together, the “Flock Service’) for investigative purposes, in order to view
and search photos and videos recorded by Flock (“Recordings”) which are stored for
no longer than thirty (30) days, utilizing its software for automatic license plate
detection;

Whereas, Flock desires to share such Recordings and supplemental data with Agency
pursuant to the following terms and conditions:

1. Purpose. To allow the Agency to utilize the Flock Services for the following purpose:
to gain awareness with respect to the communities for which they serve to protect and
facilitate investigations (the “Purpose’).

2. Access Rights to Flock Services. Subject to the terms and conditions contained in
this MOU, Flock hereby grants to Agency a non-exclusive, non-transferable right to
access the features and functions of the Flock Service during the Term (as defined
below), solely for use by Authorized Users in accordance with the terms and conditions
herein, and only through Agency’s official email account. For purposes of this MOU,
“Authorized Users” will mean employees, agents, or officers of Agency accessing or
using the Flock Services for the Purpose. Agency acknowledges and agrees that, as
between Agency and Flock, Agency shall be responsible for all acts and omissions of
Authorized Users, and any act or omission by an Authorized User which would
constitute a breach of this MOU, shall be deemed a breach of this MOU by

Agency. Agency shall undertake reasonable efforts to make all Authorized Users aware
of the provisions of this MOU as applicable to such Authorized User's use of the Flock
Service, and shall cause Authorized Users to comply with such provisions.

3. Restrictions on Use. Agency will not, and will not permit any Authorized Users or
any third party to, (i) copy or duplicate any of the Flock Service; (ii) decompile,
disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to obtain or perceive the source
code from which any software component of any of the Flock Service is compiled or
interpreted; (iii) modify, alter, or tamper with any of the Flock Service, or create any
derivative product from any of the foregoing; (iv) interfere or attempt to interfere in any
manner with the functionality or proper working of any of the Flock Service; (v) remove,
obscure, or alter any notice of any intellectual property or proprietary right appearing on
or contained within any of the Flock Service; (vi) assign, sublicense, sell, resell, lease,
rent or otherwise transfer or convey, or pledge as security or otherwise encumber,

vz 6.22
DocuSign Envelope ID: FD52D683-B0E0-4C34-A36A-1A4761E0F962

ffock safety

Agency's rights under Sections 2; or (vii) access Flock Service through any unofficial
(i.e., personal, or non-Agency authorized) email account. Agency may only access
Recordings and Flock Service to perform the Purpose, as described in Section 1.
Agency shall not use the Flock Service in any manner not permitted by appropriate
governing Federal and State regulations or laws; Agency represents and warrants that,
in receiving access to Flock Services, such Recordings and supplemental data shall be
used solely for purposes authorized by law and described in this MOU.

4. Suspension of Service. Flock may immediately suspend and/or revoke Agency’s
and any Authorized End User’s access to any portion or all of the Flock Service if Flock
determines that (a) there is a threat or attack on any of the Flock Service by Agency; (b)
Agency’s or any Authorized End User's use of the Flock Service disrupts or poses a
security risk to the Flock Service or any other customer or vendor of Flock; (c) Agency
or any Authorized End User is/are using the Flock Service for fraudulent or illegal
activities; (d) any unauthorized user has accessed to Flock Services through Agency's
account; or (e) Agency has violated any term of this MOU, including, but not limited to,
utilizing the Flock Services for anything other than the Purpose.

5. Ownership. As between the Parties, subject to the rights granted in this MOU, Flock
and its licensors retain all right, title and interest in and to the Flock Service, and its
components and any Recordings or data provided by Flock through the Flock Service,
and Agency acknowledges that it neither owns nor acquires any additional rights in and
to the foregoing not expressly granted by this MOU. Agency further acknowledges that
Flock retains the right to use the foregoing for any purpose in Flock’s sole

discretion. There are no implied rights.

6. Warranty. Flock and its licensors make no express or implied warranty as to the
conditions of the Recordings, or fitness for a particular research, data, investigative
purpose or resulting actions or omissions resulting from Recordings and supplemental
data obtained by Agency through the use of Flock Services.

7. Financial Implications to Agency. No financial commitment by Agency is required
to access the Flock Services or Recordings.

8. Term; Termination.

A. Term. This MOU will commence once executed by both parties and shall
continue for a period of five (5) years.

B. Termination. Prior to expiration of the Term, Flock may terminate this MOU for its
convenience, and in its sole discretion, by providing Agency thirty (30) days prior
written notice of termination. Agency may terminate this MOU for its convenience,
and in its sole discretion, by providing Flock thirty (30) days prior written notice of
termination. Either party may terminate this MOU upon written notice if the other
party has breached a material term of this MOU and has not cured such breach

vz 6.22
DocuSign Envelope ID: FD52D683-B0E0-4C34-A36A-1A4761E0F962

ffock safety

within thirty (30) days of receipt of notice from the non-breaching party specifying the
breach. Upon termination of this MOU, Agency will immediately cease all use of
Flock Services. This MOU is subject to termination without written notice after
expiration of the Term.

9. Indemnification. Each Party to this MOU shall assume the responsibility and liability
for the acts and omissions of its own employees, deputies, officers, or agents, in
connection with the performance of their official duties under this MOU. Parties shall
indemnify and hold harmless each other against any suits, claims, actions, complaints,
or liability of any kind, which relate to the use of or reliance on Flock Service. For tort
liability purposes, no participating Party shall be considered the agent of the other
participating Party. Each Party to this MOU shall be liable (if at all) only for the torts of
its own officers, agents, or employees that occur within the scope of their official duties.
Under no circumstances shall this MOU be interpreted to create a partnership or agency
relationship between the Parties.

10. Limitation of Liability.

A. Limitation on Direct Damages. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL FLOCK, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS,
AGENTS, EMPLOYEES OR REPRESENTATIVES BE LIABLE FOR ANY AMOUNT
GREATER THAN THE FEES PAID TO FLOCK UNDER THIS MOU, OR $100 IN
UNITED STATES CURRENCY, WHICHEVER IS GREATER, WITHOUT REGARD
TO WHETHER SUCH CLAIM IS BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE.

B. Waiver of Consequential Damages. INNO EVENT SHALL FLOCK OR ITS
LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, LOSS OF DATA OR LOSS OF PROFITS, WITHOUT REGARD TO
WHETHER SUCH CLAIM IS BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FLOCK HAS
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

11. Confidentiality.

A. Obligations. During the performance of services and Agency's use of the Flock
Service under this Agreement it may be necessary for a party to provide the other
with certain information considered to be proprietary or confidential by the disclosing
party. The disclosure of such confidential information shall be subject to the following
terms and conditions.

i. The term "Agency Confidential Information" shall mean any material, data,

systems, procedures and other information of or with respect to Agency that is not be
accessible or known to the general public, including information concerning its

vz 6.22
DocuSign Envelope ID: FD52D683-B0E0-4C34-A36A-1A4761E0F962

ffock safety

hardware, software, business plans or opportunities, business strategies, finances,
employees, and third-party proprietary or other information that Agency treats as
confidential. Flock shall not use, publish or divulge any Agency Confidential
Information except (i) in connection with Flock's provision of Software and services
pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) to Flock's officers, directors, employees, agents and
contractors who need to know such information to enable Flock to provide Software
and services pursuant to this Agreement, or (iii) with the prior written consent of
Agency, which consent Agency may withhold in its sole discretion.

ii. The term "Flock Confidential Information" means any material, data, systems,
procedures and other information of or with respect to Flock that is not accessible to
or known to the general public, including, without limitation, the software, object code,
source code, formulae, algorithms, financial data, clients, employees, software
development plans, software support third-party proprietary or other information that
Flock treats as confidential. Agency shall not use, publish or divulge any Flock
Confidential Information except (i) to its employees, agents and officers who need to
know such information to enable Agency to use the Flock Services, or (ii) with the
prior written consent of Flock, which consent Flock may withhold in its sole discretion.

iii. Each party shall protect the other's confidential information with the same degree
of care normally used to protect its own similar confidential information, but in no
event less than that degree of care that a reasonably prudent business person would
use to protect such information. The obligations of each party to protect confidential
information received from the other party shall not apply to information that is publicly
known or becomes publicly known through no act or failure to act on the part of the
recipient.All provisions of this MOU concerning the Confidentiality section herein,
shall survive any termination of this MOU.

B. Exclusions. Confidential Information shall not include any information that is (i)
already known to the receiving party at the time of the disclosure; (ii) publicly known
at the time of the disclosure or becomes publicly known through no wrongful act or
failure of the receiving party; (iii) subsequently disclosed to the receiving party on a
non-confidential basis by a third-party not having a confidential relationship with the
other party hereto that rightfully acquired such information; or (iv) communicated to a
third party by the receiving party with the express written consent of the other party
hereto. A disclosure of Confidential Information that is legally compelled to be
disclosed pursuant to a subpoena, summons, order or other judicial or governmental
process or the Freedom of Information Act shall not be considered a breach of this
MOU; provided the receiving party provides prompt notice of any such subpoena,
order, or the like to the other party so that such party will have the opportunity to
obtain a protective order or otherwise oppose the disclosure.

12. Entire Agreement. This MOU is complete and contains the entire understanding
between the Parties relating to the sharing of Recordings and Confidential Data by and

vz 6.22
DocuSign Envelope ID: FD52D683-B0E0-4C34-A36A-1A4761E0F962

ffock safety

between Flock and Agency. This MOU supersedes any and all other agreements
between the Parties. This Agreement is non-assignable by both Parties.

13. Severability. Nothing is this MOU is intended to conflict with or violate State or
Federal laws, regulations, policies, etc. If a term or provision of this MOU is inconsistent
with a law or authority, then that term or provision shall be invalid, but the remaining
terms and provisions shall remain in full force and effect. If any provision of this MOU is
found to be unenforceable, unlawful, or void, the provision shall be deemed severable
from the MOU and shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions.

14. Miscellaneous. All notices, requests, demands, or other communications required
or permitted to be given hereunder must be in writing and must be addressed to the
parties at their respective addresses set forth below and shall be deemed to have been
duly given when (a) delivered in person; (b) sent by facsimile transmission To the
facsimile number below and indicating receipt at the facsimile number where sent; (c)
one (1) business day after being deposited with a reputable overnight air courier
service; or (d) three (3) business days after being deposited with the United States
Postal Service, for delivery by certified or registered mail, postage pre-paid and return
receipt requested. This MOU shall be governed by the laws of the state in which the
Agency is located, excluding its conflict of laws rules. The parties agree that the United
Nations Convention for the International Sale of Goods is excluded in its entirety from
this MOU.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Flock and the Agency have caused this MOU to be signed on
the date set forth below and be effective on the last date specified below.

Flock Group, Inc. Agency Name: Davie Police Department
B DocuSigned by: B ann oe
1 Marke Smith y RQ
Name: Mark Smith Name: Srer (eyo Kn cy
Title: General Counsel Title (© { 1eF OF fOUCEe

Date: 8/30/2022 Date: v. 25 22

vz 6.22
