DocuSign Envelope ID: 4BA7EE8F-6252-4D76-B571-9C3C546AB92A

flock safety

E sec FLOCK SAFETY FLOWDOWN GOVERNMENT AGENCY TERMS

This Flock Safety Flowdown Government Agency Terms (this “Agreement’’) is entered into by and
between Flock Group, Inc. with a place of business at 1170 Howell Mill Rd NW Suite 210, Atlanta, GA 30318
(‘Flock’) and the police department or government agency identified in the signature block of the Order Form
(“Agency”) (each a “Party,” and together, the “Parties’’).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, Flock offers a software and hardware situational awareness solution for automatic license
plates, video and audio detection through Flock’s technology platform (the “Flock Service’’), and upon detection,
the Flock Services are capable of capturing audio, video, image, and recording data and can provide notifications to
Agency upon the instructions of Non-Agency End User (as defined below) (“Notifications’’);

WHEREAS, Agency desires access to the Flock Service on existing cameras, provided by Agency, or
Flock provided Flock Hardware (as defined below) in order to create, view, search and archive Footage and receive
Notifications, including those from Non-Agency End Users of the Flock Service (where there is an investigative or
bona fide lawful purpose) such as schools, neighborhood homeowners associations, businesses, and individual users;

WHEREAS, Flock deletes all Footage on a rolling thirty (30) day basis, excluding Wing Replay which is
deleted after seven (7) days. Agency is responsible for extracting, downloading and archiving Footage from the
Flock System on its own storage devices for auditing for prosecutorial/administrative purposes; and

WHEREAS, Flock desires to provide Agency the Flock Service and any access thereto, subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, solely for the awareness, prevention, and prosecution of crime, bona fide
investigations by police departments, and archiving for evidence gathering (“Permitted Purpose’).

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, Flock and Agency agree that this Agreement, and any addenda attached hereto or
referenced herein, constitute the complete and exclusive statement of the Agreement of the Parties with respect to
the subject matter of this Agreement, and replace and supersede all prior agreements, term sheets, purchase orders,
correspondence, oral or written communications and negotiations by and between the Parties.

1. DEFINITIONS

Certain capitalized terms, not otherwise defined herein, have the meanings set forth or cross-referenced in this

Section 1.

1.1 “Agency Data” means the data, media and content provided by Agency through the Services. For the avoidance

of doubt, the Agency Data will include the Footage.

1.2 “Agency Generated Data” means the messages, text, illustrations, files, images, graphics, photos, comments,
sounds, music, videos, information, content, ratings, reviews, data, questions, suggestions, other information or
materials posted, uploaded, displayed, published, distributed, transmitted, broadcasted, or otherwise made available

on or submitted through the Wing Suite.

vz.5.20.22
DocuSign Envelope ID: 4BA7EE8F-6252-4D76-B571-9C3C546AB92A

1.3. “Agency Hardware” means the third-party camera owned or provided by Agency and any other physical

elements that interact with the Embedded Software and the Web Interface to provide the Services.

1.4. “Aggregated Data” means information that relates to a group or category of individuals, from which any
potential individuals’ personal identifying information has been permanently “anonymized” by commercially
available standards to irreversibly alter data in such a way that a data subject (1.e., individual person or impersonal

entity) can no longer be identified directly or indirectly.

1.5 “Authorized End User(s)” means any individual employees, agents, or contractors of Agency accessing or using

the Services through the Web Interface, under the rights granted to Agency pursuant to this Agreement.

1.6 “Deployment Plan” means the strategic geographic mapping of the location(s) and implementation of Flock

Hardware, and/or other relevant Services required under this Agreement.

1.7 “Documentation” means text and/or graphical documentation, whether in electronic or printed format, that
describe the features, functions and operation of the Services which are provided by Flock to Agency in accordance

with the terms of this Agreement.

1.8 “Embedded Software” means the software and/or firmware embedded or preinstalled on the Flock Hardware or

Agency Hardware.

1.9 “Falcon Flex” means an infrastructure-free, location-flexible license plate reader camera that enables the

Agency to self-install.

1.10 “Flock Hardware” means the Flock cameras or device, pole, clamps, solar panel, installation components, and
any other physical elements that interact with the Embedded Software and the Web Interface to provide the Flock

Services.

1.11 “Flock IP” means the Services, the Documentation, the Embedded Software, the Installation Services, and any
and all intellectual property therein or otherwise provided to Agency and/or its Authorized End Users in connection

with the foregoing.

1.12 “Flock Safety Falcon™” means an infrastructure-free license plate reader camera that utilizes Vehicle

Fingerprint™ technology to capture vehicular attributes.

VZ6.22
DocuSign Envelope ID: 4BA7EE8F-6252-4D76-B571-9C3C546AB92A

1.13 “Flock Safety Raven™” means an audio detection device that provides real-time alerting to law enforcement

based on programmed audio events such as gunshots, breaking glass, and street racing.

1.14 “Flock Safety Sparrow®™”’ means an infrastructure-free license plate reader camera for residential roadways

that utilizes Vehicle Fingerprint™ technology to capture vehicular attributes.

1.16 “Footage” means still images, video, audio and other data captured by the Flock Hardware or Agency Hardware

in the course of and provided via the Services.

1.17 “Hotlist(s)” means a digital file containing alphanumeric license plate related information pertaining to
vehicles of interest, which may include stolen vehicles, stolen vehicle license plates, vehicles owned or associated
with wanted or missing person(s), vehicles suspected of being involved with criminal or terrorist activities, and other
legitimate law enforcement purposes. Hotlist also includes, but is not limited to, national data (i.e. NCIC) for similar
categories, license plates associated with AMBER Alerts or Missing Persons/Vulnerable Adult Alerts, and includes

manually entered license plate information associated with crimes that have occurred in any local jurisdiction.

1.18 “Implementation Fee(s)”’ means the monetary fees associated with the Installation Services, as defined in

Section 1.19 below.

1.19 “Installation Services” means the services provided by Flock for installation of Agency Hardware and/or

Flock Hardware, including any applicable installation of Embedded Software on Agency Hardware.

1.20 “Non-Agency End User(s)” means any individual, entity, or derivative therefrom, authorized to use the
Services through the Web Interface, under the rights granted to pursuant to the terms (or to those materially similar)

of this Agreement.

1.21 “Services” or “Flock Services” means the provision, via the Web Interface, of Flock’s software applications for

automatic license plate detection, alerts, audio detection, searching image records, video and sharing Footage.

1.22 “Support Services” means Monitoring Services, as defined in Section 2.10 below.

1.23 “Usage Fee” means the subscription fees to be paid by the Agency for ongoing access to Services.

VzZ6.22
DocuSign Envelope ID: 4BA7EE8F-6252-4D76-B571-9C3C546AB92A

1.24 “Web Interface” means the website(s) or application(s) through which Agency and its Authorized End Users

can access the Services, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

1.25 “Wing Suite’ means the Flock interface which provides real-time access to the Flock Services, location of
Flock Hardware, Agency Hardware, third-party cameras, live-stream video, Wing Livestream, Wing LPR, Wing

Replay, alerts and other integrations.

1.26 “Wing Livestream” means real-time video integration with third-party cameras via the Flock interface.

1.27 “Wing LPR” means software integration with third-party cameras utilizing Flock’s Vehicle Fingerprint

Technology™ for license plate capture.

1.28 “Wing Replay” means enhanced situational awareness encompassing Footage retention, replay ability, and

downloadable content from Hot Lists integrated from third-party cameras.

1.29 “Vehicle Fingerprin®™” means the unique vehicular attributes captured through Services such as: type, make,

color, state registration, missing/covered plates, bumper stickers, decals, roof racks, and bike racks.

2. SERVICES AND SUPPORT

2.1 Provision of Access. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Flock hereby grants to Agency a non-exclusive,
non-transferable right to access the features and functions of the Services via the Web Interface during the Term,
solely for the Authorized End Users. The Footage will be available for Agency’s designated administrator, listed on
the Order Form, and any Authorized End Users to access and download via the Web Interface for thirty (30) days.
Authorized End Users will be required to sign up for an account and select a password and username (“User ID’’).
Flock will also provide Agency with the Documentation to be used in accessing and using the Services. Agency
shall be responsible for all acts and omissions of Authorized End Users, and any act or omission by an Authorized
End User which, if undertaken by Agency, would constitute a breach of this Agreement, shall be deemed a breach of
this Agreement by Agency. Agency shall undertake reasonable efforts to make all Authorized End Users aware of
the provisions of this Agreement as applicable to such Authorized End User’s use of the Services and shall cause
Authorized End Users to comply with such provisions. Flock may use the services of one or more third parties to
deliver any part of the Services, (such as using a third party to host the Web Interface for cloud storage or a cell
phone provider for wireless cellular coverage) which makes the Services available to Agency and Authorized End

Users. Warranties provided by said third Party service providers are the agency’s sole and exclusive remedy and

VZ6.22
DocuSign Envelope ID: 4BA7EE8F-6252-4D76-B57 1-9C3C546AB92A

Flock’s sole and exclusive liability with regard to such third-Party services, including without limitation hosting the
web interface. Agency agrees to comply with any acceptable use policies and other terms of any third-Party service

provider that are provided or otherwise made available to Agency from time to time.

2.2 Embedded Software License. Subject to all terms of this Agreement, Flock grants Agency a limited, non-
exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable (except to the Authorized End Users), revocable right to use the
Embedded Software as installed on the Flock Hardware or Agency Hardware; in each case, solely as necessary for

Agency to use the Services.

2.3 Documentation License. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Flock hereby grants to Agency a non-
exclusive, non-transferable right and license to use the Documentation during the Term in connection with its use of

the Services as contemplated herein, and under Section 2.5 below.

2.4 Wing Suite License. Subject to all terms of this Agreement, Flock grants Agency a limited, non-exclusive, non-
transferable, non-sublicensable (except to the Authorized End Users), revocable right to use the Wing Suite software

and interface.

2.5 Usage Restrictions.

2.5.1 Flock IP. The Permitted Purpose for usage of the Flock Hardware, Agency Hardware,
Documentation, Services, support, and Flock IP are solely to facilitate gathering evidence that could be used in a
lawful criminal investigation by the appropriate government agency. Agency will not, and will not permit any
Authorized End Users to, (i) copy or duplicate any of the Flock IP; (ii) decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, or
otherwise attempt to obtain or perceive the source code from which any software component of any of the Flock IP
is compiled or interpreted, or apply any other process or procedure to derive the source code of any software
included in the Flock IP; (ii1) attempt to modify, alter, tamper with or repair any of the Flock IP, or attempt to create
any derivative product from any of the foregoing; (iv) interfere or attempt to interfere in any manner with the
functionality or proper working of any of the Flock IP; (v) remove, obscure, or alter any notice of any intellectual
property or proprietary right appearing on or contained within any of the Services or Flock IP; (vi) use the Services,
support, Flock Hardware, Documentation, or the Flock IP for anything other than the Permitted Purpose; or (vil)
assign, sublicense, sell, resell, lease, rent, or otherwise transfer, convey, pledge as security, or otherwise encumber,

Agency’s rights under Sections 2.1, 2.2, 2.3, or 2.4.

VzZ6.22
DocuSign Envelope ID: 4BA7EE8F-6252-4D76-B57 1-9C3C546AB92A

2.5.2. Flock Hardware. Agency understands that all Flock Hardware is owned exclusively by Flock, and
that title to any Flock Hardware does not pass to Agency upon execution of this Agreement. Except for Falcon Flex
products, which are designed for self-installation, Agency is not permitted to remove, reposition, re-install, tamper
with, alter, adjust or otherwise take possession or control of Flock Hardware. Notwithstanding the notice and cure
period set for in Section 6.3, Agency agrees and understands that in the event Agency is found to engage in any of
the restricted actions of this Section 2.5.2, all warranties herein shall be null and void, and this Agreement shall be

subject to immediate termination (without opportunity to cure) for material breach by Agency.

2.6 Retained Rights; Ownership. As between the Parties, subject to the rights granted in this Agreement, Flock
and its licensors retain all right, title and interest in and to the Flock IP and its components, and Agency
acknowledges that it neither owns nor acquires any additional rights in and to the foregoing not expressly granted by
this Agreement. Agency further acknowledges that Flock retains the right to use the foregoing for any purpose in

Flock’s sole discretion. There are no implied rights.

2.7 Suspension.

2.7.1 Service Suspension. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Flock may
temporarily suspend Agency’s and any Authorized End User’s access to any portion or all of the Flock IP or Flock
Service if Flock reasonably determines that (a) there is a threat or attack on any of the Flock IP by Agency; (b)
Agency’s or any Authorized End User’s use of the Flock IP disrupts or poses a security risk to the Flock IP or any
other customer or vendor of Flock; (c) Agency or any Authorized End User is/are using the Flock IP for fraudulent
or illegal activities; (d) Agency has violated any term of this provision, including, but not limited to, utilizing the
Services for anything other than the Permitted Purpose (“Service Suspension”). AgencyAgency shall not be entitled

to any remedy for the Service Suspension period, including any reimbursement, tolling, or credit.

2.7.2 Service Interruption. Services may be interrupted in the event that: (a) Flock’s provision of the
Services to Agency or any Authorized End User is prohibited by applicable law; (b) any third-party services
required for Services are interrupted; (c) if Flock reasonably believe Services are being used for malicious, unlawful,
or otherwise unauthorized use; (d) there is a threat or attack on any of the Flock IP by a third party; or (e) scheduled
or emergency maintenance (“Service Interruption’’). Flock will make commercially reasonable efforts to provide
written notice of any Service Interruption to Agency and to provide updates regarding resumption of access to Flock
Services. Flock will use commercially reasonable efforts to resume providing access to the Service as soon as

reasonably possible after the event giving rise to the Service Interruption is cured. Flock will have no liability for

vz6.22
DocuSign Envelope ID: 4BA7EE8F-6252-4D76-B571-9C3C546AB92A

any damage, liabilities, losses (including any loss of data or profits), or any other consequences that Agency or any
Authorized End User may incur as a result of a Service Interruption. To the extent that the Service Interruption is not
caused by Agency’s direct actions or by the actions of parties associated with the Agency, the expiration of the Term
will be tolled by the duration of the Service Interruption (for any continuous suspension lasting at least one full day)
prorated for the proportion of cameras on the Agency’s account that have been impacted. For example, in the event
of a Service Interruption lasting five (5) continuous days, Agency will receive a credit for five (5) free days at the

end of the Term.

2.8 Installation Services.

2.8.1 Designated Locations. For installation of Flock Hardware, excluding Falcon Flex products, prior to
performing the physical installation of the Flock Hardware, Flock shall advise Agency on the location and
positioning of the Flock Hardware for optimal license plate image capture, as conditions and location allow. Flock
may consider input from Agency regarding location, position and angle of the Flock Hardware (“Designated
Location’’) and collaborate with Agency to design the Deployment Plan confirming the Designated Locations. Flock
shall have final discretion on location of Flock Hardware. Flock shall have no liability to Agency resulting from any
poor performance, functionality or Footage resulting from or otherwise relating to the Designated Locations or delay
in installation due to Agency’s delay in confirming Designated Locations, in ordering and/or having the Designated
Location ready for installation including having all electrical work preinstalled and permits ready, if necessary. After
installation, any subsequent changes to the Deployment Plan (‘“‘Reinstalls’’) will incur a charge for Flock’s then-
current list price for Reinstalls, as listed in the then-current Reinstall policy (available at
https://www.flocksafety.com/reinstall-fee-schedule) and any equipment fees. For clarity, Agency will receive prior
notice and provide approval for any such fees. These changes include but are not limited to re-positioning, adjusting
of the mounting, re-angling, removing foliage, replacement, changes to heights of poles, regardless of whether the
need for Reinstalls related to vandalism, weather, theft, lack of criminal activity in view, and the like. Flock shall

have full discretion on decision to reinstall Flock Hardware.

2.8.2 Agency Installation Obligations. Agency agrees to allow Flock and its agents reasonable access in
and near the Designated Locations at all reasonable times upon reasonable notice for the purpose of performing the
installation work. Although Flock Hardware is designed to utilize solar power, certain Designated Locations may
require a reliable source of 120V or 240V AC power. In the event adequate solar power is not available, Agency is
solely responsible for costs associated with providing a reliable source of 120V or 240V AC power to Flock
Hardware. Flock will provide solar options to supply power at each Designated Location. If Agency refuses

recommended solar options, Agency waives any reimbursement, tolling, or credit for any suspension period of Flock

VzZ6.22
DocuSign Envelope ID: 4BA7EE8F-6252-4D76-B57 1-9C3C546AB92A

Services due to low solar power. Additionally, Agency is solely responsible for (i) any permits or associated costs,
and managing the permitting process of installation of cameras or AC power; (11) any federal, state, or local taxes
including property, license, privilege, sales, use, excise, gross receipts, or other similar taxes which may now or
hereafter become applicable to, measured by or imposed upon or with respect to the installation of the Flock

Hardware, its use (excluding tax exempt entities), or (iii) any other supplementary cost for services performed in

connection with installation of the Flock Hardware, including but not limited to contractor licensing, engineered
drawings, rental of specialized equipment, or vehicles, third-party personnel (1.e. Traffic Control Officers,
Electricians, State DOT-approved poles, etc., if necessary), such costs to be approved by the Agency (“Agency
Installation Obligations’). In the event that a Designated Location for Flock Hardware requires permits, Flock may
provide the Agency with a temporary alternate location for installation pending the permitting process. Once the
required permits are obtained, Flock will relocate the Flock Hardware from the temporary alternate location to the
permitted location at no additional cost. Without being obligated or taking any responsibility for the foregoing,
Flock may pay and invoice related costs to Agency if Agency did not address them prior to the execution of this
Agreement or a third party requires Flock to pay. Agency represents and warrants that it has, or shall lawfully
obtain, all necessary right title and authority and hereby authorizes Flock to install the Flock Hardware at the

Designated Locations and to make any necessary inspections or tests in connection with such installation.

2.8.3 Flock’s Obligations. Installation of Flock Hardware shall be installed in a workmanlike manner in
accordance with Flock’s standard installation procedures, and the installation will be completed within a reasonable
time from the time that the Designated Locations are confirmed. Upon removal of Flock Hardware, Flock shall
restore the location to its original condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted. Following the initial installation of the
Flock Hardware and any subsequent Reinstalls or maintenance operations, Flock’s obligation to perform installation
work shall cease; however, for the sole purpose of validating installation, Flock will continue to monitor the
performance of Flock Hardware for the length of the Term and will receive access to the Footage for a period of
seven (7) business days after the initial installation for quality control and provide any necessary maintenance. Labor
may be provided by Flock or a third-party. Flock is not obligated to install, reinstall, or provide physical
maintenance to Agency Hardware. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Agency understands that Flock will
not provide installation services for Falcon Flex products.

2.8.4 Ownership of Hardware. Flock Hardware shall remain the personal property of Flock and will be
removed upon the natural expiration of this Agreement at no additional cost to Agency. Agency shall not perform
any acts which would interfere with the retention of title of the Flock Hardware by Flock. Should Agency default on

any payment of the Flock Services, Flock may remove Flock Hardware at Flock’s discretion. Such removal, if made

vz6.22
DocuSign Envelope ID: 4BA7EE8F-6252-4D76-B571-9C3C546AB92A

by Flock, shall not be deemed a waiver of Flock’s rights to any damages Flock may sustain as a result of Agency’s

default and Flock shall have the right to enforce any other legal remedy or right.

2.9 Hazardous Conditions. Unless otherwise stated in the Agreement, Flock’s price for its services under this
Agreement does not contemplate work in any areas that contain hazardous materials, or other hazardous conditions,
including, without limit, asbestos, lead, toxic or flammable substances. In the event any such hazardous materials
are discovered in the designated locations in which Flock is to perform services under this Agreement, Flock shall

have the right to cease work immediately in the area affected until such materials are removed or rendered harmless.

2.10 Support Services. Subject to the payment of fees, Flock shall monitor the performance and functionality of
Flock Services and may, from time to time, advise Agency on changes to the Flock Services, Installation Services,
or the Designated Locations which may improve the performance or functionality of the Services or may improve
the quality of the Footage. The work, its timing, and the fees payable relating to such work shall be agreed by the
Parties prior to any alterations to or changes of the Services or the Designated Locations (“Monitoring Services’’).
Flock will use commercially reasonable efforts to respond to requests for support. Flock will provide Agency with

reasonable technical and on-site support and maintenance services (“On-Site Services’) in-person or by email

at support@flocksafety.com, at no additional cost. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Agency is solely
responsible for installation of Falcon Flex products. Agency further understands and agrees that Flock will not

provide monitoring services or on-site services for Falcon Flex.

2.11 Special Terms. From time to time, Flock may offer certain Special Terms related to guarantees, service and
support which are indicated in the proposal and on the Order Form and will become part of this Agreement, upon

Agency’s prior written consent. To the extent that any terms of this Agreement are inconsistent or conflict with the

Special Terms, the Special Terms shall control.

2.12 Upgrades to Platform. Flock may, in its sole discretion, make any upgrades to system or platform that it
deems necessary or useful to (1) maintain or enhance (a) the quality or delivery of Flock’s products or services to its
agencies, (b) the competitive strength of, or market for, Flock’s products or services, (c) such platform or system’s
cost efficiency or performance, or (ii) to comply with applicable law. Parties understand that such upgrades are

necessary from time to time and will not materially change any terms or conditions within this Agreement.

3. RESTRICTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES

VzZ6.22
DocuSign Envelope ID: 4BA7EE8F-6252-4D76-B571-9C3C546AB92A

3.1 Agency Obligations. Flock will assist Agency Authorized End Users in the creation of a User ID. Agency
agrees to provide Flock with accurate, complete, and updated registration information. Agency may not select as its
User ID a name that Agency does not have the right to use, or another person’s name with the intent to impersonate
that person. Agency may not transfer its account to anyone else without prior written permission of Flock. Agency
will not share its account or password with anyone and must protect the security of its account and password. Unless
otherwise stated and defined in this Agreement, Agency may not designate Authorized End Users for persons who
are not officers, employees, or agents of Agency. Authorized End Users shall only use Agency-issued email
addresses for the creation of their User ID. Agency is responsible for any activity associated with its account.
Agency shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining any equipment and ancillary services needed to connect
to, access or otherwise use the Services. Agency will, at its own expense, provide assistance to Flock, including, but
not limited to, by means of access to, and use of, Agency facilities, as well as by means of assistance from Agency
personnel to the limited extent any of the foregoing may be reasonably necessary to enable Flock to perform its
obligations hereunder, including, without limitation, any obligations with respect to Support Services or any

Installation Services.

3.2 Agency Representations and Warranties. Agency represents, covenants, and warrants that Agency will use
the Services only in compliance with this Agreement and all applicable laws and regulations, including but not
limited to any laws relating to the recording or sharing of video, photo, or audio content. Although Flock has no
obligation to monitor Agency ’s use of the Services, Flock may do so and may prohibit any use of the Services it

believes may be (or alleged to be) in violation of the foregoing.

4. CONFIDENTIALITY; AGENCY DATA

4.1 Confidentiality. To the extent allowable by applicable FOIA and state-specific Public Records Acts, each Party
(the “Receiving Party”) understands that the other Party (the “Disclosing Party’) has disclosed or may disclose
business, technical or financial information relating to the Disclosing Party’s business (hereinafter referred to as
“Proprietary Information” of the Disclosing Party). Proprietary Information of Flock includes non-public
information regarding features, functionality and performance of the Services. Proprietary Information of Agency
includes non-public data provided by Agency to Flock or collected by Flock via the Flock Hardware or Agency
Hardware, to enable the provision of the Services, which includes but is not limited to geolocation information and
environmental data collected by sensors . The Receiving Party agrees: (i) to take the same security precautions to
protect against disclosure or unauthorized use of such Proprietary Information that the Party takes with its own

proprietary information, but in no event will a Party apply less than reasonable precautions to protect such

VzZ6.22

10
DocuSign Envelope ID: 4BA7EE8F-6252-4D76-B571-9C3C546AB92A

Proprietary Information, and (ii) not to use (except in performance of the Services or as otherwise permitted herein)
or divulge to any third person any such Proprietary Information. Flock’s use of the Proprietary Information may
include processing the Proprietary Information to send Agency alerts, or to analyze the data collected to identify
motion or other events. The Disclosing Party agrees that the foregoing shall not apply with respect to any
information that the Receiving Party can document (a) is or becomes generally available to the public, or (b) was in
its possession or known by it prior to receipt from the Disclosing Party, or (c) was rightfully disclosed to it without
restriction by a third Party, or (d) was independently developed without use of any Proprietary Information of the
Disclosing Party. Nothing in this Agreement will prevent the Receiving Party from disclosing the Proprietary
Information pursuant to any judicial or governmental order, provided that the Receiving Party gives the Disclosing
Party reasonable prior notice of such disclosure to contest such order. For clarity, Flock may access, use, preserve
and/or disclose the Footage to law enforcement authorities, government officials, and/or third Parties, if legally
required to do so or if Flock has a good faith belief that such access, use, preservation or disclosure is reasonably
necessary to: (a) comply with a legal process or request; (b) enforce this Agreement, including investigation of any
potential violation thereof; (c) detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues; or (d) protect
the rights, property or safety of Flock, its users, a third Party, or the public as required or permitted by law, including
respond to an emergency situation. Flock may store deleted Footage in order to comply with certain legal

obligations, but such retained Footage will not be retrievable without a valid court order.

4.2 Agency Data. As between Flock and Agency, all right, title and interest in the Agency Data, belong to and are
retained solely by Agency. Agency hereby grants to Flock a limited, non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license
to (i) use the Agency Data and perform all acts with respect to the Agency Data as may be necessary for Flock to
provide the Flock Services to Agency, including without limitation the Support Services set forth in Section 2.10
above, and a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid license to use, reproduce,
modify, display, and distribute the Agency Data as a part of the Aggregated Data, (ii) disclose the Agency Data
(both inclusive of any Footage) to enable law enforcement monitoring for elected law enforcement Hotlists as well
as provide Footage search access to law enforcement for investigative purposes only, and (iii) and obtain
Aggregated Data as set forth below in Section 4.4. As between Agency and Non-Agency End Users that have
prescribed access of Footage to Agency, each of Agency and Non-Agency End Users will share all right, title and
interest in the Non-Agency End User Data. This Agreement does not by itself make any Non-Agency End User Data
the sole property or the Proprietary Information of Agency. Flock will automatically delete Footage older than thirty
(30) days. Agency has a thirty (30) day window to view, save and/or transmit Footage to the relevant government
agency prior to its deletion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Flock automatically deletes Wing Replay after seven (7)

VZ6.22

11
DocuSign Envelope ID: 4BA7EE8F-6252-4D76-B57 1-9C3C546AB92A

days, during which time Agency may view, save and/or transmit such data to the relevant government agency prior

to deletion. Flock does not own and shall not sell Agency Data.

4.3 Agency Generated Data in Wing Suite. Parties understand that Flock does not own any right, title, or interest
to third-party video integrated into the Wing Suite. Flock may provide Agency with the opportunity to post, upload,
display, publish, distribute, transmit, broadcast, or otherwise make available on or submit through the Wing Suite,
messages, text, illustrations, files, images, graphics, photos, comments, sounds, music, videos, information, content,
ratings, reviews, data, questions, suggestions, or other information or materials produced by Agency. Agency shall
retain whatever legally cognizable right, title, and interest that Agency has in Agency Generated Data. Agency
understands and acknowledges that Flock has no obligation to monitor or enforce Agency’s intellectual property
rights to Agency Generated Data. To the extent legally permissible, Agency grants Flock a non-exclusive,
perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid license to use, reproduce, modify, display, and distribute

the Agency Generated Data for the sole purpose of providing Flock Services. Flock does not own and shall not sell

Agency Generated Data.

4.4 Feedback. If Agency provides any suggestions, ideas, enhancement requests, feedback, recommendations or
other information relating to the subject matter hereunder, Agency hereby assigns (and will cause its agents and
representatives to assign) to Flock all right, title and interest (including intellectual property rights) with respect to or

resulting from any of the foregoing.

4.5 Aggregated Data. Flock shall have the right to collect, analyze, and anonymize Agency Data and Agency
Generated Data to create Aggregated Data to use and perform the Services and related systems and technologies,
including the training of machine learning algorithms. Agency hereby grants Flock a non-exclusive, worldwide,
perpetual, royalty-free right (during and after the Term hereof) to use and distribute such Aggregated Data to
improve and enhance the Services and for other development, diagnostic and corrective purposes, other Flock
offerings, and crime prevention efforts. Parties understand that the aforementioned license is required for continuity

of Services. No rights or licenses are granted except as expressly set forth herein. Flock does not sell Aggregated

Data.

5. PAYMENT OF FEES

[Reserved]

6. TERM AND TERMINATION

vz6.22

12
DocuSign Envelope ID: 4BA7EE8F-6252-4D76-B571-9C3C546AB92A

6.1 Term. The initial term of this Agreement shall be for the period of time set forth on the Order Form (the
“Term’). Following the Term, unless otherwise indicated on the Order Form, this Agreement will automatically
renew for successive renewal terms of the greater of one year or the length set forth on the Order Form (each, a
“Renewal Term’) unless either Party gives the other Party notice of non-renewal at least thirty (30) days prior to the

end of the then-current term.

a. For Wing Suite products: the Term shall commence upon execution of this Agreement and continue for one

(1) year, after which, the Term may be extended by mutual consent of the Parties, unless terminated by

either Party.

b. For Falcon and Sparrow products: the Term shall commence upon first installation and validation of Flock
Hardware.

c. For Raven products: the Term shall commence upon first installation and validation of Flock Hardware.

d. For Falcon Flex products: the Term shall commence upon execution of this Agreement.

6.2 Termination for Convenience. At any time during the agreed upon Term, either Party may terminate this
Agreement for convenience. Termination for convenience of the Agreement by the Agency will be effective
immediately. Termination for convenience by Agency will result in a one-time removal fee of $500 per Flock
Hardware. Termination for convenience by Flock will not result in any removal fees. Upon termination for
convenience, a refund will be provided for Flock Hardware, prorated for any fees for the remaining Term length set
forth previously. Wing Suite products are not subject to refund for early termination. Flock will provide advanced
written notice and remove all Flock Hardware at Flock’s own convenience, within a commercially reasonable period

of time upon termination.

6.3 Termination. Notwithstanding the termination provisions in Section 2.5.2, in the event of any material breach of
this Agreement, the non-breaching Party may terminate this Agreement prior to the end of the Term by giving thirty
(30) days prior written notice to the breaching Party; provided, however, that this Agreement will not terminate if
the breaching Party has cured the breach prior to the expiration of such thirty (30) day period. Either Party may
terminate this Agreement, without notice, (i) upon the institution by or against the other Party of insolvency,
receivership or bankruptcy proceedings, (i1) upon the other Party's making an assignment for the benefit of creditors,
or (iii) upon the other Party's dissolution or ceasing to do business. Upon termination for Flock’s material breach,

Flock will refund to Agency a pro-rata portion of the pre-paid fees for Services not received due to such termination.

vz6.22

13
DocuSign Envelope ID: 4BA7EE8F-6252-4D76-B571-9C3C546AB92A

6.4 No-Fee Term. Flock will provide Agency with complimentary access to Hotlist alerts, as further described in
Section 4.2 (“No-Fee Term’). In the event a Non-Agency End User grants Agency access to Footage and/or
notifications from a Non-Agency End User, Agency will have access to Non-Agency End User Footage and/or
notifications until deletion, subject to a thirty (30) day retention policy for all products except Wing Replay, which
is subject to a seven (7) day retention policy. Flock may, in their sole discretion, provide access or immediately
terminate the No-Fee Term. The No-Fee Term will survive the Term of this Agreement. Flock, in its sole discretion,
can determine to impose a price per No-Fee Term upon thirty (30) days’ notice to Agency. Agency may terminate

any No-Fee Term or access to future No-Fee Terms upon thirty (30) days’ notice.

6.5 Survival. The following Sections will survive termination: 2.5, 2.6, 3, 4, 5, 6.4, 7.3, 7.4, 8.1, 8.2, 8.3,
8.4, 9.1 and 9.6.

7. REMEDY; WARRANTY AND DISCLAIMER

7.1 Remedy. Upon a malfunction or failure of Flock Hardware or Embedded Software (a ““Defecr’), Agency must
notify Flock’s technical support as described in Section 2.10 above. If Flock is unable to correct the Defect, Flock
shall, or shall instruct one of its contractors to repair or replace the Flock Hardware or Embedded Software suffering
from the Defect. Flock reserves the right in their sole discretion to refuse or delay replacement or its choice of
remedy for a Defect until after it has inspected and tested the affected Flock Hardware provided that such inspection
and test shall occur within a commercially reasonable time, but no longer than seven (7) business days after Agency
notifies the Flock of a known Defect. In the event of a Defect, Flock will repair or replace the defective Flock
Hardware at no additional cost to Agency. Absent a Defect, in the event that Flock Hardware is lost, stolen, or
damaged, Agency may request that Flock replace the Flock Hardware at a fee according to the then-current Reinstall
policy (https://www.flocksafety.com/reinstall-fee-schedule). Agency shall not be required to replace subsequently
lost, damaged or stolen Flock Hardware, however, Agency understands and agrees that functionality, including
Footage, will be materially affected due to such subsequently lost, damaged or stolen Flock Hardware and that Flock
will have no liability to Agency regarding such affected functionality nor shall the Usage Fee or Implementation

Fees owed be impacted. Flock is under no obligation to replace or repair Flock Hardware or Agency Hardware.

7.2 Exclusions. Flock will not provide the remedy described in Section 7.1 if Agency has misused the Flock

Hardware, Agency Hardware, or Service in any manner.

VzZ6.22

14
DocuSign Envelope ID: 4BA7EE8F-6252-4D76-B571-9C3C546AB92A

7.3 Warranty. Flock shall use reasonable efforts consistent with prevailing industry standards to maintain the
Services in a manner which minimizes errors and interruptions in the Services and shall perform the Installation
Services in a professional and workmanlike manner. Services may be temporarily unavailable for scheduled
maintenance or for unscheduled emergency maintenance, either by Flock or by third-party providers, or because of
other causes beyond Flock’s reasonable control, but Flock shall use reasonable efforts to provide advance notice in

writing or by e-mail of any scheduled service disruption.

7.4 Disclaimer. THE REMEDY DESCRIBED IN SECTION 7.1 ABOVE IS AGENCY’S SOLE REMEDY, AND
FLOCK’S SOLE LIABILITY, WITH RESPECT TO DEFECTIVE EMBEDDED SOFTWARE. FLOCK DOES
NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE; NOR DOES IT
MAKE ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE
SERVICES. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION, THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED
“AS IS” AND FLOCK DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. THIS DISCLAIMER OF SECTION 7.4 ONLY APPLIES TO THE
EXTENT ALLOWED BY THE GOVERNING LAW OF THE STATE MENTIONED IN SECTION 9.6.

7.5 Insurance. Flock will maintain commercial general liability policies with policy limits reasonably

commensurate with the magnitude of Flock’s business risk. Certificates of Insurance can be provided upon request.

7.6 Force Majeure. Parties are not responsible or liable for any delays or failures in performance from any cause
beyond their control, including, but not limited to acts of God, changes to law or regulations, embargoes, war,
terrorist acts, acts or omissions of third-Party technology providers, riots, fires, earthquakes, floods, power
blackouts, strikes, supply chain shortages of equipment or supplies, weather conditions or acts of hackers, internet
service providers or any other third Party acts or omissions. Force Majeure includes the novel coronavirus Covid-19

pandemic, and the potential spread of variants, which is ongoing as of the date of the execution of this Agreement.

8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY; NO FEE TERM; INDEMNITY

8.1 Limitation of Liability. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY, FLOCK AND ITS
SUPPLIERS (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ALL HARDWARE AND TECHNOLOGY SUPPLIERS),
OFFICERS, AFFILIATES, REPRESENTATIVES, CONTRACTORS AND EMPLOYEES SHALL NOT BE
RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT OR

VZ6.22

15
DocuSign Envelope ID: 4BA7EE8F-6252-4D76-B571-9C3C546AB92A

TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATED THERETO UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, PRODUCT LIABILITY, OR OTHER THEORY: (A) FOR ERROR OR INTERRUPTION OF USE
OR FOR LOSS OR INACCURACY, INCOMPLETENESS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA OR FOOTAGE OR
COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS, SERVICES OR TECHNOLOGY OR LOSS OF
BUSINESS; (B) FOR ANY INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES; (C) FOR ANY MATTER BEYOND FLOCK’S ACTUAL KNOWLEDGE OR REASONABLE
CONTROL INCLUDING REPEAT CRIMINAL ACTIVITY OR INABILITY TO CAPTURE FOOTAGE OR
IDENTIFY AND/OR CORRELATE A LICENSE PLATE WITH THE FBI DATABASE; (D) FOR ANY PUBLIC
DISCLOSURE OF PROPRIETARY INFORMATION MADE IN GOOD FAITH; (E) FOR CRIME
PREVENTION; OR (F) FOR ANY AMOUNTS THAT, TOGETHER WITH AMOUNTS ASSOCIATED WITH
ALL OTHER CLAIMS, EXCEED THE FEES PAID AND/OR PAYABLE BY AGENCY FOR THE SERVICES
UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE ACT OR OMISSION THAT
GAVE RISE TO THE LIABILITY, IN EACH CASE, WHETHER OR NOT FLOCK HAS BEEN ADVISED OF
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OF SECTION 8 ONLY
APPLIES TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY THE GOVERNING LAW OF THE STATE MENTIONED IN
SECTION 9.6.

8.2 Additional No-Fee Term Requirements. INNO EVENT SHALL FLOCK’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY, IF
ANY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE COMPLIMENTARY NO-FEE TERM AS
DESCRIBED IN SECTION 6.4 EXCEED $100, WITHOUT REGARD TO WHETHER SUCH CLAIM IS BASED
IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE. Parties
acknowledge and agree that the essential purpose of this Section 8.2 is to allocate the risks under the No-Fee Term
described in Section 6.4 and limit potential liability given the aforementioned complimentary service, which would
have been substantially higher if Flock were to assume any further liability other than as set forth herein. Flock has
relied on these limitations in determining whether to provide the complementary No-Fee Term. The limitations set
forth in this Section 8.2 shall not apply to claims or damages resulting from Flock’s other obligations under this

Agreement.

8.3 Responsibility. Each Party to this Agreement shall assume the responsibility and liability for the acts and
omissions of its own employees, deputies, officers, or agents, in connection with the performance of their official
duties under this Agreement. Each Party to this Agreement shall be liable (if at all) only for the torts of its own

officers, agents, or employees.

VzZ6.22

16
DocuSign Envelope ID: 4BA7EE8F-6252-4D76-B571-9C3C546AB92A

8.4 Indemnity. Agency hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Flock against any damages, losses, liabilities,
settlements and expenses in connection with any claim or action that arises from an alleged violation of Section 3.1,
a breach of this Agreement, Agency’s Installation Obligations, Agency’s sharing of any data in connection with the
Flock system, Flock employees or agent or Non-Agency End Users, or otherwise from Agency’s use of the Services,
Flock Hardware, Agency Hardware and any Embedded Software, including any claim that such actions violate any
applicable law or third Party right. Although Flock has no obligation to monitor Agency’s use of the Services, Flock
may do so and may prohibit any use of the Services it believes may be (or alleged to be) in violation of Section 3.1

or this Agreement.

9. MISCELLANEOUS

9.1 Compliance With Laws. The Agency agrees to comply with all applicable local, state and federal laws,
regulations, policies and ordinances and their associated record retention schedules, including responding to any
subpoena request(s). In the event Flock is legally compelled to comply with a judicial order, subpoena, or

government mandate, to disclose Agency Data or Agency Generated Data, Flock will provide Agency with notice.

9.2 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be
limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and

effect.

9.3 Assignment. This Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by either Party, without prior
consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party may assign this Agreement, without the other Party's consent,
(i) to any parent, subsidiary, or affiliate entity, or (ii) to any purchase of all or substantially all of such Party's assets

or to any successor by way of merger, consolidation or similar transaction.

9.4 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Order Form(s), the then-current Reinstall policy
(https://www.flocksafety.com/reinstall-fee-schedule), Deployment Plan(s), and any attached addenda are the
complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the Parties and supersedes and cancels all previous
written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of this
Agreement, and that all waivers and modifications must be in a writing signed by both Parties, except as otherwise

provided herein. None of Agency’s purchase orders, authorizations or similar documents will alter the terms of this
vVz6.22

17
DocuSign Envelope ID: 4BA7EE8F-6252-4D76-B571-9C3C546AB92A

Agreement, and any such conflicting terms are expressly rejected. In the event of any conflict of terms found in this

Agreement or any other terms and conditions, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.

9.5 Relationship. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of this Agreement and
Agency does not have any authority of any kind to bind Flock in any respect whatsoever. Flock shall at all times be

and act as an independent contractor.

9.6 Governing Law; Venue. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State in which the Agency is
located. The Parties hereto agree that venue would be proper in the chosen courts of the State of which the Agency
is located. The Parties agree that the United Nations Convention for the International Sale of Goods is excluded in

its entirety from this Agreement.

9.7 Publicity. Upon prior consent from Agency, Flock has the right to reference and use Agency’s name and

trademarks and disclose the nature of the Services provided hereunder in each case in business and development and

marketing efforts, including without limitation on Flock’s website.

9.8 Export. Agency may not remove or export from the United States or allow the export or re-export of the Flock
IP or anything related thereto, or any direct product thereof in violation of any restrictions, laws or regulations of the
United States Department of Commerce, the United States Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets
Control, or any other United States or foreign agency or authority. As defined in Federal Acquisition Regulation
(“FAR”), section 2.101, the Services, the Flock Hardware and Documentation are “commercial items” and
according to the Department of Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation (“DFAR”) section 252.2277014(a)(1) and
are deemed to be “commercial computer software” and “commercial computer software documentation.” Flock is
compliant with FAR Section 889 and does not contract or do business with, use any equipment, system, or service
that uses the enumerated banned Chinese telecommunication companies, equipment or services as a substantial or
essential component of any system, or as critical technology as part of any Flock system. Consistent with DFAR
section 227.7202 and FAR section 12.212, any use, modification, reproduction, release, performance, display, or

disclosure of such commercial software or commercial software documentation by the U.S. Government will be

Vvz6.22

18
DocuSign Envelope ID: 4BA7EE8F-6252-4D76-B571-9C3C546AB92A

governed solely by the terms of this Agreement and will be prohibited except to the extent expressly permitted by

the terms of this Agreement.

9.9 Headings. The headings are merely for organization and should not be construed as adding meaning to the

Agreement or interpreting the associated sections.

9.10 Authority. Each of the below signers of this Agreement represent that they understand this Agreement and

have the authority to sign on behalf of and bind the Parties they are representing.

9.11 Notices. All notices under this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when
received, if personally delivered; when receipt is electronically confirmed, if transmitted by email; the day after it is
sent, if sent for next day delivery by recognized overnight delivery service; and upon receipt, if sent by certified or
registered mail, return receipt requested.

FLOCK NOTICES ADDRESS:

1170 HOWELL MILL ROAD, NW SUITE 210
ATLANTA, GA 30318

ATTN: LEGAL DEPARTMENT

EMAIL: legal@flocksafety.com

AGENCY NOTICES ADDRESS:

ADDRESS:

ATTN:
EMAIL:

VzZ6.22

19
DocuSign Envelope ID: 4BA7EE8F-6252-4D76-B57 1-9C3C546AB92A

By executing this Agreement, Agency represents and warrants that it has read and agrees to all of the terms
and conditions contained herein.

FLOCK GROUP, INC. Agency: FL - Davie PD - Town of Davie

DocuSigned by:
By. Mark Smitle By. .
Mark Smith ° .
Name name: Brian K. by Brian k.

O'Connor

Title: General Counsel Title: O'Connor c 2022.09.26

9/26/2022 08:45:36 -04'00'

Date:

Date:

VzZ6.22

20
DocuSign Envelope ID: 4BA7EE8F-6252-4D76-B571-9C3C546AB92A
Flock Group Inc
9/26/2022

Addendum to Contract between Town of Davie and Hereinafter Referred to

as “Contractor” dated

Required Government Terms and Conditions

Town: As used in the Contract, “Town” shall mean the Town of Davie, including its districts, authorities, separate units of
government established by law, ordinance or resolution, partners, elected and non-elected officials, employees, agents and
volunteers.

Non-Appropriation. Notwithstanding any other term or provision of this Contract, the continuation of this Contract beyond a
single fiscal year of the Town is subject to the appropriation and availability of funds in accordance with Chapter 129, Florida
Statutes. Termination by the Town due to non-appropriation shall be subject to Section 6.2 of the Contract.

Subcontractors. The Contractor agrees to bind specifically every Subcontractor to the applicable terms and conditions of this
Contract for the benefit of the Town.

Indemnification. The Contractor shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Town, its boards, authorities, separate units
of government established by law, ordinance or resolution, partners, elected and non-elected officials, employees, agents and
volunteers and the State of Florida from and against all liabilities, damages, losses and costs, including, but not limited to,
reasonable attorneys’ fees, on account of: (i) any copyrighted material, patented or unpatented invention, articles, device or
appliance manufactured or used in the performance of this Contract, and (11) any damage or injury to property or person
directly caused by Contractor’s installation of Hardware on Town’s property, except for where such damage or injury was
caused solely by the negligence of the Town or its agents, officers or employees..

Sovereign Immunity. The Town expressly retains all rights, benefits and immunities of sovereign immunity in accordance
with section 768.28, Florida Statutes, as amended. Notwithstanding anything set forth in the Contract to the contrary, nothing
in this Contract shall be deemed as a waiver of immunity or limits of liability of the Town beyond any statutory limited waiver
of immunity or limits of liability which may have been or may be adopted by the Florida Legislature and the cap on the amount
and liability of the Town for damages, regardless of the number or nature of claims in tort, equity, or Contract, shall not exceed
the dollar amount set by the legislature for tort. Nothing in this Contract shall inure to the benefit of any third party for the
purpose of allowing any claim against the Town, which claim would otherwise be barred under the doctrine of sovereign
immunity or by operation of law.

Insurance: The Contractor shall purchase and maintain at its own expense, during the term of this Contract the following: 1)
General Liability Insurance on a comprehensive basis in an amount not less than $1,000,000 per person per occurrence
for bodily injury and property damage, listing the Town of Davie as an additional insured.

2) Business Automobile Liability Insurance covering all owned, non-owned, and hired vehicles used in connection with
the Services, in an amount not less than $1,000,000 per person per occurrence, listing the Town of Davie as an
additional insured.

3) Worker's Compensation Insurance for all employees of the Contractor as required by Florida Statute 440. Should the
Contractor be exempt from Worker’s Compensation, the Contractor and each employee hold the Town harmless from
any injury incurred during performance of the Contract.

Public Records Law. Pursuant to section 119.0701(2)(a), Florida Statutes, the Town is required to provide Contractor with
this statement and establish the following requirements as Contractual obligations pursuant to the Contract:

IF THE CONTRACTOR HAS QUESTIONS REGARDING THE APPLICATION OF CHAPTER 119, FLORIDA
STATUTES, TO THE CONTRACTOR’S DUTY TO PROVIDE PUBLIC RECORDS RELATING TO THIS
CONTRACT, CONTACT THE CUSTODIAN

OF PUBLIC RECORDS AT (954) 797 1000, Evelyn _Roig@davie-fl.gov, by mail, Attn: Public Records Custodian,
6591 Orange Drive, Davie, FL 33314.

By entering into this Contract, Contractor acknowledges and agrees that any records maintained, generated, received, or kept
in connection with, or related to the performance of services provided under, this Contract are public records subject to the
public records disclosure requirements of section 119.07(1), Florida Statutes, and Article I, section 24 of the Florida
Constitution. Pursuant to section 119.0701, Florida Statutes, any Contractor entering into a Contract for services with the Town
is required to:

Keep and maintain public records required by the Town to perform the services and work provided pursuant to this Contract.

Upon request from the Town’s custodian of public records, provide the Town with a copy of the requested records or allow the
records to be inspected or copied within a reasonable time at a cost that does not exceed the cost provided in Chapter 119,
Florida Statutes, or as otherwise provided by law.
DocuSign Envelope ID: 4BA7EE8F-6252-4D76-B57 1-9C3C546AB92A

Ensure that public records that are exempt or confidential and exempt from public records disclosure requirements are not
disclosed except as authorized by law for the duration of the Contract term and following completion of the Contract if the
Contractor does not transfer the records to the Town.

Upon completion of the Contract, transfer, at no cost, to the Town all public records in the possession of the Contractor or
keep and maintain public records required by the Town to perform the service. If the Contractor transfers all public records to
the Town upon completion of the Contract, the Contractor shall destroy any duplicate public records that are exempt or
confidential and exempt from public records disclosure requirements. If the Contractor keeps and maintains public records
upon completion of the Contract, the Contractor shall meet all applicable requirements for retaining public records. All
records stored electronically must be provided to the Town, upon request from the Town’s custodian of public records, in a
format that is compatible with the information technology systems of the Town.

Requests to inspect or copy public records relating to the Town’s Contract for services must be made directly to the Town. If
Contractor receives any such request, Contractor shall instruct the requestor to contact the Town. If the Town does not
possess the records requested, the Town shall immediately notify the Contractor of such request, and the Contractor must
provide the records to the Town or otherwise allow the records to be inspected or copied within a reasonable time.

Contractor acknowledges that failure to provide the public records to the Town within a reasonable time may be subject to
penalties under section 119.10, Florida Statutes. Contractor further agrees not to release any records that are statutorily
confidential or otherwise exempt from disclosure without first receiving prior written authorization from the Town.

Applicable Law, Venue and Waiver of Jury Trial. This Contract shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the
laws of the state of Florida. Jurisdiction over and venue for any controversies or legal issues arising out of this Contract shall
be exclusively in the state courts of the 17" Judicial Circuit in and for Broward County, Florida, unless one or more causes of
action are solely cognizable in federal court, in which case, venue for and jurisdiction over such dispute(s) shall be in the
Southern District of Florida. By entering into this Contract, the Contractor and Town hereby expressly waive any rights to a
trial by jury of any civil litigation related to this Contract, and each agrees to bear its own costs and attorney’s fees relating to
any dispute arising under this Contract.

Scrutinized Companies. Pursuant to Sections 287.135 and 215.473, Florida Statutes, the Contractor certifies by signing below
that the company is not participating in a boycott of Israel. For contracts for goods or services of one million dollars or more,
Contractor also certifies that it is not on the Scrutinized Companies that Boycott Israel List, not on the Scrutinized Companies
with Activities in Sudan List, and not on the Scrutinized Companies with Activities in the Iran Petroleum Energy Sector List
or has not been engaged in business operations in Cuba or Syria. Subject to limited exceptions provided in state law, the Town
will not Contract for the provision of goods or services with (i) any company participating in a boycott of Israel, and, (11) for
Contracts for goods or services of one million dollars or more, any other scrutinized company as described above. Breach of
this section constitutes a material breach of this Contract.

No Code Violation or Past Due Debt. Contractor warrants and represents that neither the business, nor any officer or
significant stakeholder of the business is in violation of the Town of Davie Code of Ordinances and does not owe the Town
any past due debt. Any breach of the foregoing warranty and representation shall be a material breach of this Contract and the
Town shall have the right to terminate this Contract as set forth herein.

Compliance with Applicable Laws. Contractor shall perform its obligations hereunder in accordance with all applicable
federal, state and local laws, ordinances, rules, regulations, and all orders and decrees of bodies or tribunals having jurisdiction
or authority which in any manner affect the performance of this Contract. Additionally, Contractor shall obtain and maintain
all applicable licenses and permits to conduct business pursuant to this Contract from the federal government, State of Florida,
Broward County or Town of Davie when legally required and maintain same in full force and effect during the term of this
Contract.

Nondiscrimination and Americans with Disabilities Act. Contractor shall not unlawfully discriminate against any person in
the operations and activities in the use or expenditure of the funds or any portion of the funds provided by this Contract.
Contractor agrees it shall affirmatively comply with all applicable provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) in
the course of providing all Services funded by Town, including Titles I and II of the ADA (regarding nondiscrimination on the
basis of disability), and all applicable regulations, guidelines, and standards. In performing under this Contract, Contractor
agrees that it shall not commit an unfair employment practice in violation of any state or federal law and that it shall not
discriminate against any member of the public, employee or applicant for employment for work under this Contract because of
race, color, religion, gender or gender identity, sexual orientation, age, national origin, political affiliation, or disability and
will take affirmative steps to ensure that applicants are employed and employees are treated during employment without regard
to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, age, national origin, political affiliation, or disability.

In accordance with the American Disabilities Act and Section 286.26, Florida Statutes (as amended), persons with disabilities
needing a special accommodation to participate in the proceedings, or an interpreter to participate in any proceedings, should
DocuSign Envelope ID: 4BA7EE8F-6252-4D76-B57 1-9C3C546AB92A

contact the Town’s ADA Coordinator at 386-248-1760 for assistance, at least two business days before any meeting date.

Priority. The Contractor and Town agree that in the event of conflict between this Addendum and the underlying Contract
and any exhibits thereto referenced above, the terms and conditions of this Addendum shall govern and control.

E-Verify. The Contractor certifies he/she utilizes the U.S. Department of Homeland Security’s E-Verify system to verify
the employment eligibility of all persons employed by Contractor, or subcontractors, in relation to the Contractors
performance of duties under the Scope of Services in relation to this Agreement.

DocuSigned by:

Mark Smite

Sn ACOCIST404024F 5...

Contractor Name: Mark smith Contractor Authorized Signature:

Date Signed: 9/26/2022 Printed Name & Title: Mark Smith General Counsel

