Town of Davie

Community Redevelopment
Agency

Goals & Objective Report

CONTACT US

& (954) 797-2057
® www.davie-fl.gov/cra
8800 SW 36th Street, Davie, FL 33328
DA V I E CRA Goals & Objectives

COMMUNITY REDEVELOPMENT AGENCY

Introduction

The mission of the Town of Davie Community Redevelopment Agency (CRA) is to preserve and enhance the tax base, to
alleviate conditions of slum and blight, facilitate affordable housing and to stimulate public sector investment within
the redevelopment area.

The Davie CRA is a dependent special district of the Town of Davie and was created to carry out the purposes of the
Community Redevelopment Act of 1969, F.S. Chapter 163 Part Ill. The Davie CRA reinvests tax increment funds to
achieve the following goals:

Rehabilitate distressed areas

Increase the types and amount of housing options
Reduce and prevent crime

Boost economic development

Cultivate a thriving tax base

Improve the quality of life

Enhance aesthetics

The CRA Redevelopment Plan is geared towards addressing the blighted conditions acknowledged in the Findings of
Necessity reports for the Original Area, and Expanded Areas 1 and 2, which are as follows:

Deteriorating neighborhoods

Dwindling commercial activities and job opportunities

Concentration and persistence of criminal activities

Inappropriate or obsolete land uses

Inadequate transportation routes and means

Extraordinary consumption of public services

Conditions which lead to reduced property values, impairment of sound growth, and loss of private investor
investment

Pursuant to Florida Statute § 189.0694, all special districts within Florida must establish goals and objectives for each
program and activity undertaken by the district, as well as performance measures and standards to determine if the
district’s goals and objectives are being achieved. This document identifies the goals and objectives outlined in the
CRA’s Redevelopment Plan and provides the metrics used to determine performance measures and standards.

Page 2
CRA Goals & Objectives

Florida turnpike

Orange Drive —=§ —-—- >=

Map Legend

“1 Western Theme
= Original Area

> Expanded Area 1
Z Expanded Area 2

r—

~—— — SS

Page 3
D A ¥ I E CRA Goals & Objectives

COMMUNITY REDEVELOPMENT AGENCY

Goals & Objectives

The Davie CRA maintains its commitment to enhance physically and economically depressed areas, bolster
economic development, improve the overall appearance, better the quality of life, increase housing opportunities,
and optimize the property potential within the Davie CRA redevelopment area.

The goals and objections outlined below have been set forth by the CRA’s Redevelopment Plan and remain the
guiding tool in program implementation, expenditure of funds, and the creation of new partnerships. As a result, the
aforementioned action-items are used in this document as performance measures to determine how the CRA is
satisfying the goals and objectives.

GOAL AREA “A”
The Community Redevelopment Agency continues to maintain and enhance its current projects in accordance with
its adopted Redevelopment Plan.

OBJECTIVE A-1:
The Community Redevelopment Agency shall prepare and maintain a Redevelopment Plan containing a list of short
and long-range programs.

STATUS:
While the current Redevelopment Plan allows for the implementation of the current CRA programs, the CRA is in
the process of updating the Redevelopment Plan which will specifically identify the short and long-range programs.

Goal “A” Performance Standards

Performance Measures Used to Achieve Objective

Objectives Creation of New Development of New Expenditure of Funds
Programs/Procedures or — Partnerships/Continuation
Implementation of Existing of Existing Partnerships
Programs/Procedures
Objective 1: Prepare a
Redevelopment Plan
containing a list of J
short and long-range
programs

Page 4
COMMUNITY REDEVELOPMENT AGENCY

GOAL AREA “B”
The Community Redevelopment Agency shall implement projects and programs aimed at meeting area-wide needs
within the community redevelopment area.

OBJECTIVE B-1:
The Community Redevelopment Agency shall strive to improve the overall visual appearance of the community
redevelopment area.

STATUS: Through the CRA’s Commercial Property Improvement Program Grants (CPIPG) and recently completed
infrastructure project, “Davie Road Phase Ill”, the CRA has tremendously improved the visual appearance of the
redevelopment area by installing landscape medians, wide sidewalks, decorative light fixtures, and pedestrian-
friendly amenities. A detailed explanation of the project can be found in the 2023 Annual Report.

OBJECTIVE B-2: The Community Redevelopment Agency will strive to ensure that adequate land uses and facilities
remain available to meet the recreational, shopping and public service needs of area residents when implementing
its redevelopment projects.

STATUS: The CRA has sought, and continues to seek, opportunities to engage in land assemblages to reserve
specific parcels for housing, recreational uses, shopping, and other types of uses. The CRA also continues to work
with the Town’s land use development code and respective divisions to ensure there are sufficient parcels zoned for
such uses.

OBJECTIVE B-3: The Community Redevelopment Agency shall strive to increase the overall level of economic
activity within the community redevelopment area.

STATUS: By expending funds towards new development, redevelopment, and infrastructure projects, the CRA
facilitates economic development. New developments and redevelopment efforts increase the tax base, and new
residential units yield additional multipliers such as an increase in the area’s disposable income. Furthermore, new
commercial development encourages job creation and the expenditure of disposable income.

OBJECTIVE B-4 The Community Redevelopment Agency shall strive to improve the existing housing stock within the
community redevelopment area and to increase the availability of affordable housing opportunities.

STATUS: Between 2022 and 2024, the CRA Board has approved site plans and developer’s agreements that will
bring in 162 new affordable housing units and 1,875 new market-rate units to the CRA.

CRA Goals & Objectives

Page 5
DA V I E CRA Goals & Objectives

COMMUNITY REDEVELOPMENT AGENCY

Goal “B” Performance Standards

Performance Measures Used to Achieve Objective

Objectives Creation of New Development of New Expenditure of Funds
Programs/Procedures or — Partnerships/Continuation
Implementation of Existing of Existing Partnerships
Programs/Procedures
Objective 1: Improve
the overall visual JY J
appearance
Objective 2: Ensure
that adequate land
uses and facilities
remain available to
meet the recreational,
shopping and public J J
service needs of area
residents when
implementing its
redevelopment
projects.
Objective 3
Increase the overall
level of economic J J J
activity within the
community
redevelopment area.

Objective 4: Improve

the existing housing

stock and increase the J J JY
availability of

affordable housing

opportunities.

Page 6
COMMUNITY REDEVELOPMENT AGENCY

GOAL AREA "C"

In recognition of variations in social, physical and economic conditions throughout the community redevelopment
area, each identified geographic sub-area of the CRA shall be stabilized, renewed or redevelopment according to a
long-range strategy.

OBJECTIVE C-1
The Community Redevelopment Plan shall contain a long-range redevelopment objective for each geographic sub-
area of the CRA.

STATUS:
While the current plan identifies the geographic sub-areas of the CRA, the CRA is working on a revised plan that
identifies long-range redevelopment objectives in greater detail.

OBJECTIVE C-2:
Geographic Sub-Area #1, "Davie Road Corridor’, shall be revitalized and intensified as a vibrant people-oriented
marketplace.

STATUS:
The Davie Road Phase III project was completed in December 2023. The project revitalized the corridor’s visual
appearance and created the infrastructure to promote walkability and a live/work/play environment.

OBJECTIVE C-3:
Geographic Sub-Area #2, "The Residential Core", shall remain a predominantly residential area. It shall be
revitalized and rehabilitated in order to promote the stabilization of its residential neighborhoods.

STATUS:

The land-use and zoning designations, Regional Activity Center (RAC), within the Residential Core area identified in
the Redevelopment Plan allow for a variety of uses, including residential. While residential uses are encouraged
(especially on ground floors) the number of units available in the RAC is limited. As a result, the Town and the CRA
are working on ways to get additional units for affordable housing and have also enabled additional units in the
Transit-Oriented Corridor (TOC) area which also falls within the redevelopment area.

CRA Goals & Objectives

Page 7
Me?
DAVIE CRA Goals & Objectives

COMMUNITY REDEVELOPMENT AGENCY

OBJECTIVE C-4:
Geographic Sub-Area #3, "Historic Area’, shall provide for preserving of residential and arts related commercial
activities which encourage the restoration or preservation of historic structures within a Historic District.

STATUS:
The structures and entities that have received historic significance designations, such as the Old Davie School and
the Davie Women’s Club, have received funding from the CRA for physical improvements.

OBJECTIVE C-5:
Geographic Sub-Area #4 "Industrial Area". The industrial orientation shall be increased through the addition of
attractive industrial uses.

STATUS:
The CRA is working with the Town to undergo a rebranding of the Industrial Area in order to attract industrial uses.

OBJECTIVE C-6:

Geographic Sub-Area #5, "Griffin Road/Orange Drive", shall maintain its current land use pattern with commercial
development fronting along C-11 canal. Selective redevelopment of commercial property shall also take place in
order to eliminate obsolete and deteriorated buildings, reduce negative impacts and to provide for better utilization
of land and resources.

STATUS:
The CPIPG is available to properties within this sub-area and continues to be an avenue for promoting
redevelopment.

Page 8
COMMUNITY REDEVELOPMENT AGENCY

Objectives

Objective 1: Redevelopment
Plan shall contain a long-range
redevelopment objective for
each geographic sub-area
Objective 2: Davie Road
Corridor shall be revitalized
Objective 3

Increase the overall level of
economic activity within the
community redevelopment
area.

Objective 4: Geographic Sub-

Area #2, "The Residential Core”,

shall remain a predominantly
residential area.

Objective 5: Geographic Sub-
Area #3, “Historic Area’, shall
provide for preserving of
residential and arts related
commercial activities
Objective 6: Geographic Sub-
Area #5, "Griffin Road/Orange
Drive", shall maintain its
current land use pattern with
commercial development
fronting along C-11 canal.

Goal “C” Performance Standards

CRA Goals & Objectives

Performance Measures Used to Achieve Objective

Creation of New
Programs/Procedures or
Implementation of Existing
Programs/Procedures

Kj 4 4 AKAM

Development of New
Partnerships/Continuation
of Existing Partnerships

JY

Expenditure of Funds

J
J

Page 9
DAVIE CRA Goals & Objectives

COMMUNITY REDEVELOPMENT AGENCY

GOAL AREA "D"

The Community Redevelopment Agency shall conduct its business in accordance with Florida State Statutes, the
Town Ordinance which created the CRA, and adopted standards and procedures contained within this Community
Redevelopment Plan.

OBJECTIVE D-1:
The Community Redevelopment Agency shall strive to boost public relations and increase public awareness of its
activities within the CRA.

STATUS:
The CRA has recently created a business recognition program, “Let’s Talk Business”, that heavily uses social media
to increase awareness of existing CRA businesses and boost public relations.

OBJECTIVE D-2:
Administration of the Community Redevelopment Agency and the procedures by which it operates shall be in
accordance with adopted By-Laws.

STATUS:
The CRA’s operations are compliant with the adopted By-Laws set forth by the CRA Board and Town Council upon
the creation of the CRA.

OBJECTIVE D-3:
The Community Redevelopment Agency shall coordinate its activities with the Town of Davie Town Council.

STATUS:
The CRA follows the Town of Davie procurement guidelines and is a component unit of the Town of Davie.

Page 10
DAVIE CRA Goals & Objectives

COMMUNITY REDEVELOPMENT AGENCY

Goal “D” Performance Standards
Performance Measures Used to Achieve Objective

Objectives Creation of New Development of New Expenditure of Funds
Programs/Procedures or —  Partnerships/Continuation
Implementation of Existing of Existing Partnerships
Programs/Procedures
Objective 1: Boost public
relations and increase public VA
awareness of its activities
within the CRA.
Objective 2: Administration of
the Community Redevelopment
Agency and the procedures by J
which it operates shall be in
accordance with adopted By-
laws.
Objective 3
The Community Redevelopment J
Agency shall coordinate its
activities with the Town Council
of Davie.

Page 11
