GATEWAY ADVISORY BOARD
PLANTATION, FLORIDA

April 20, 2022

1) CALL TO ORDER/ROLL CALL
2) INTRODUCTIONS
Members went about the room and introduced themselves.
3) APPROVAL OF MEETING MINUTES
3.a) February 17, 2022 Meeting Minutes
Department: City Clerk
Suggested Action: Approval

Minutes approved on unanimous consent.

2022-02-17 Minutes.pdf =

4) GATEWAY FINANCIAL REPORT

Planning & Zoning Director Dan Holmes presented a summary of the Financial Report,
specifically pages 57-59. $2.194 million is the fund balance for the Gateway CRA. Page 58
breaks down revenue and miscellaneous investments, we are about 88% received on revenue
taxed which is normal for this time of year. Last month we were up about 82%. On page 59
identifies expenditures we are halfway trough the year and most of the expenses as we work
our way through the year should be about 50%. The line item named advertising we are at
115% in special district fees. We have advertisement pertains to placing ads with the Chamber
and it was a little more than we anticipated. Special district fees are also up a bit, so it is at
119%. But we are on track with everything else. See attachment.

Mr. Hooley - What is the special district for?

Mr. Holmes - The Gateway is a special district and we have to pay the state for maintaining the
district.

4.a) Gateway Financial Report
Department: City Clerk
Gateway financials Mar 2022.pdf >

4.b) | CRA/Gateway Expenses
Department: Planning, Zoning & Economic Development

4.c) | CRA/Gateway Funding available for Projects
Department: Planning, Zoning & Economic Development

5) DEVELOPMENT UPDATE

Mr. Holmes gave an update on the current development projects that the City has occurring in
the Gateway District. In the last meeting I provided you a link with the development activities
map. If you go to the Planning and Zoning page you can get to the development map. Which
provides a digital version of the develops that is taking place within the city. You can zoom the
map down and focus on Gateway. You will see what projects is approved, completed, under
construction and proposed.

5.a) | Development Projects Report
Department: City Clerk

Project Status 04-12-2022.pdf =>

Mr. Holmes explained the functions of the online development map and the list of projects that
are currently pending. See attachment.

Mr. Hooley - Inquired about a parcel with the plat.

Mr. Holmes - This particular parcel is vacated and they are going to build a small retail
building there.

Mr. Hooley - Requested to remove the completed projects and only keep the active projects on
the handouts. And asked Mr. Holmes if the developers can come sit in on the Gateway
meetings.

Mr. Holmes - That wouldn't be a problem once that submit to the review committee.

Mr. Hooley - I wouldn't want to make it mandatory but it would be nice to meet the new
business owners and we can tell them about the Gateway.

Mr. Holmes - That is a good idea and will make a note of that.

Department: Planning, Zoning & Economic Development

5.b) Projects Pipeline & Properties for Sale - listed/mapped

Glen Hall - Mr. Hooley you were also interested in the properties that are for sale.

Mr. Hooley - Yes

Mr. Hall - The latest one is 3300 N. State Rd 7 next to Coast2Coast Customs, it is on the
market. There were some discussions that ULI had with HCA. AIl of the properties are listed
on this map.

Mr. Hooley - Can you send that link out to all of the board members?

Mr. Hall - Yes, I will try to put it on the website so others can find it. The other website have
the different stages of development but this website includes data for code and police. And this
link focus on the district.

5.c) ULI Leadership Institute 2022 Project status
Department: Planning, Zoning & Economic Development

Mr. Hall presented information about the international group the Urban Leadership Institute.
This group focus on real issues globally and have active groups across the world and the put on
a cohort for people tat are leaders in the industry. I noticed that one of the issue we had in the
city was Plantation General. It is the main stakeholder within the area. ULI come in as a third
party for free and do an analysis of best practices for the leaders in the industry.

Mr. Hooley - Nothing is binding, it's just a brain storming session.

Mr. Hall - Yes

Barbara Simmons spoke about the meeting HCA had with the Mayor, Jason Nunemaker and
staff from the business development office.

Ms. Simmons - What we stated at that time is the inaudible is open. We are working on
different options and different uses for the building and will have some architects come do an
assessment. We are trying to figure out what we officially what to do with the building.

Mr. Hooley - Iam happy you are here today. We really have a vested interest in what is going
on with that building as our customer go there everyday.

Ms. Simmons - We see about 60 patients on average a day so the community still use us as an
emergency room.

Mr. Hooley - The community may not understand what happened and are not up to speed.
Thank you for being here; ULI is a great discussion and you are welcome to come back.

6) GATEWAY POLICING PLAN

6.a) New OT officers & LPR Pilot Program Update
Department: Planning, Zoning & Economic Development

6.b) | Smoothie with a Cop/Barbecue with a Hero Events
Department: Planning, Zoning & Economic Development

Lt. Rudy Brown gave a brief description update on the Barbecue with a Hero and smoothie
with a Cop.

Lt. Brown - Both events were very special. We had a great turn out from the community.
Barbeque with a Hero was great, thank you Natasha.

7) FOLLOW UP TO FEBRUARY MEETING INQUIRIES

7.a) City Lightning Project Update - City Engineer Samira Shalan
Department: Engineering

Mr. Hall gave an update on the lightning project.

Ms. DeWit wants to speak to the person that is in-charge of replacing the dead palm in front of
her business.

Mr. Hooley requested to have someone from the landscape department to attend the next
meeting to discuss the beautification and irrigation of the corridor.

7.6) Gateway/CRA Code Enforcement Update - Code Enforcement
Department: Engineering

8) NEW BUSINESS

8.a) | Annual Report
Department: Planning, Zoning & Economic Development

CRA Annual Report Package 20-21.pdf =>

8.b) Gateway Newsletter
Department: Planning, Zoning & Economic Development

April 2022 Plantation Gateway Newsletter.pdf =»

8.C) May 25th Job Fair
Department: Planning, Zoning & Economic Development

Job Fair MAY 2022.pdf =»
Elix Robledo-Manuel: Gave a summary about the job fair.
Denise Edsall: Invited residents and businesses to participate in the job fair.

8.d) RFP for CRA property 4271 Peters Road
Department: Planning, Zoning & Economic Development

8.e) FDOT proposed 441 intersection improvements
Department: Planning, Zoning & Economic Development

Mr. Hooley requested for a letter to go out to all the businesses that will be effected by the
FDOT project during the planning phrase or planning meeting. He commented that the security
enhancement grant is no longer on the agenda and he is actively pushing for an application for
Plantation Ford.

Mr. Nunemaker: We will make it a point to have that on the next agenda.

9) ADJOURNMENT
